You can fool all the people some of the time, and some of the people all the time, but you cannot fool all the people all the time.#Abraham Lincoln
History, in general, only informs us what bad government is.#Thomas Jefferson
Art calls for complete mastery of techniques, developed by reflection within the soul.#Bruce Lee
I mistrust the judgment of every man in a case in which his own wishes are concerned.#Daniel Webster
Only the extremely ignorant or the extremely intelligent can resist change.#Socrates 
A good novel tells us the truth about its hero; but a bad novel tells us the truth about its author.#GK Chesterton
The flowers anew, returning seasons bring! But beauty faded has no second spring.#Frank Moore Colby
Last night I discovered a new form of oral contraceptive. I asked a girl to go to bed with me and she said no.#Woody Allen
Character is what you are in the dark.#John Whorfin
I do not want the peace that passeth understanding, I want the understanding that brings peace.#Helen Keller
America is great because she is good. If America ceases to be good, America will cease to be great.#Alexis de Tocqueville
Have you noticed that whatever sport you're trying to learn, some earnest person is always telling you to keep your knees bent?#Dave Barry
Forever is composed of nows.#Emily Dickinson
It was by the sober sense of our citizens that we were safely and steadily conducted from monarchy to republicanism, and it is by the same agency alone we can be kept from falling back.#Thomas Jefferson
Back in the old days, most families were close-knit. Grown children and their parents continued to live together, under the same roof, sometimes in the same small, crowded room, year in and year out, until they died, frequently by strangulation.#Dave Barry
Man is by nature a political animal.#Aristotle 
Labor to keep alive in your breast that little spark of celestial fire called conscience.#George Washington
Heaven offers nothing that a mercenary soul can desire.#C.S. Lewis
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.#C.S. Lewis
Life is like a Ferrari, it goes too fast. But that's ok, because you can't afford it anyway.#Jim Davis
Money doesn't talk, it swears.#Bob Dylan
This does not mean that the enemy is to be allowed to escape. The object is to make him believe that there is a road to safety, and thus prevent his fighting with the courage of despair. After that, you may crush him.#Sun Tzu
Put out an APB for a male suspect, driving a... car of some sort, heading in the direction of, uh, you know, that place that sells chili. Suspect is hatless. Repeat, hatless.#Chief Wiggum
Do good by stealth, and blush to find it fame.#Alexander Pope
The very idea of freedom presupposes some objective moral law which overarches rulers and ruled alike. Subjectivism about values is eternally incompatible with democracy. We and our rulers are of one kind only so long as we are subject to one law. But if there is no Law of Nature, the ethos of any society is the creation of its rulers, educators and conditioners; and every creator stands above and outside his own creation.#C.S. Lewis
I have gained this from philosophy: that I do without being commanded what others do only from fear of the law.#Aristotle 
Few things are harder to put up with than the annoyance of a good example.#Mark Twain
The measure of your life will not be in what you accumulate, but in what you give away.#Wayne Dyer
Sometimes I do get to places just when God's ready to have somebody click the shutter.#Ansel Adams
The sports page records people's accomplishments; The front page nothing but their failures.#Earl Warren
Love means loving the unlovable - or it is no virtue at all.#GK Chesterton
When people ask me if I went to film school I tell them 'no, I went to films.'#Quentin Tarantino
I'd just as soon play tennis with the net down.#Robert Frost
What makes us men is that we can think logically. What makes us human is that we sometimes choose not to.#Roger Ebert
Some national parks have long waiting lists for camping reservations. When you have to wait a year to sleep next to a tree, something is wrong.#George Carlin
Death tugs at my ear and says: Live, I am coming.#Oliver Wendell Holmes
I can think of nothing more boring for the American people than to have to sit in their living rooms for a whole half hour looking at my face on their television screens.#Dwight Eisenhower
Take care of the luxuries and the necessities will take care of themselves.#Dorothy Parker
'Tis a common observation here that our cause is the cause of all mankind, and that we are fighting for their liberty in defending our own.#Benjamin Franklin
That service is the noblest which is rendered for its own sake.#Mahatma Gandhi
He that would make his own liberty secure, must guard even his enemy from opposition; for if he violates this duty he establishes a precedent that will reach himself.#Thomas Paine
To dare is to lose one's footing momentarily. To not dare is to lose oneself.#Soren Aabye Kierkegaard
I do not pray for success, I ask for faithfulness.#Mother Teresa
A man should believe in God through faith, not because of miracles.#Nachman of Bratslav
We have a strange illusion that mere time cancels sin. But mere time does nothing either to the fact or to the guilt of a sin.#C.S. Lewis
I made this letter longer than usual because I lack the time to make it short.#Blaise Pascal
The leader of genius must have the ability to make different opponents appear as if they belonged to one category.#Adolf Hitler
I am Envy. I cannot read and therefore wish all books burned.#Christopher Marlowe
Accept good advice gracefully--as long as it doesn't interfere with what you intended to do in the first place.#Gene Brown
Half of maturity consists of knowing when and how to be immature.#Chris Bowyer
The man who has no sense of history, is like a man who has no ears or eyes.#Adolf Hitler
The Internet is a giant international network of intelligent, informed computer enthusiasts, by which I mean, people without lives. We don't care. We have each other...#Dave Barry
A moment's insight is sometimes worth a life's experience.#Oliver Wendell Holmes
Where love rules, there is no will to power; and where power predominates, there love is lacking. The one is the shadow of the other.#Carl Jung
I'm just like anyone. I cut and I bleed. And I embarass easily.#Michael Jackson
What sculpture is to a block of marble, education is to the soul.#Joseph Addison
Men show their characters in nothing more clearly than in what they think laughable.#Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Parting is all we know of heaven and all we need to know of hell.#Emily Dickinson
I'm very proud of my gold pocket watch. My grandfather, on his deathbed, sold me this watch.#Woody Allen
I think vital religion has always suffered when orthodoxy is more regarded than virtue. The scriptures assure me that at the last day we shall not be examined on what we thought but what we did.#Benjamin Franklin
Let me tell you I am better acquainted with you for a long absence, as men are with themselves for a long affliction: absence does but hold off a friend, to make one see him the truer.#Alexander Pope
A mind that is stretched by a new experience can never go back to its old dimensions.#Oliver Wendell Holmes
I don't want any yes-men around me. I want everybody to tell me the truth even if it costs them their jobs.#Samuel Goldwyn
I probably should never have been there anyway, and it served me right when the two alert police officers fired up their siren, pulled me over, and pointed out that my car's registration had expired. I had not realized this, and as you can imagine I felt like quite the renegade outlaw as one of the officers painstakingly wrote out my ticket, standing well to the side of the road so as to avoid getting hit by the steady stream of passing unlicensed and uninsured motorists driving their stolen cars with their left hands so that their right hands would be free to keep their pit bulls from spilling their cocaine all over their machine guns. Not that I am bitter.#Dave Barry
Mothers are fonder than fathers of their children because they are more certain they are their own.#Aristotle 
Love is like quicksilver in the hand. Leave the fingers open and it stays. Clutch it, and it darts away.#Dorothy Parker
Whatever makes men good Christians, makes them good citizens.#Daniel Webster
Get happiness out of your work or you may never know what happiness is.#Elbert Hubbard
Regret for the things we did can be tempered by time; it is regret for the things we did not do that is inconsolable.#Sydney Harris
Egalitarians create the most dangerous inequality of all -- inequality of power. Allowing politicians to determine what all other human beings will be allowed to earn is one of the most reckless gambles imaginable. Like the income tax, it may start off being applied only to the rich but it will inevitably reach us all.#Thomas Sowell
Why not go out on a limb? That's where the fruit is.#Will Rogers
No matter how hard the loss, defeat might serve as well as victory to shake the soul and let the glory out.#Al Gore
The greater our knowledge increases the more our ignorance unfolds.#John F. Kennedy
I'll always perform, because show business is in my blood. Or maybe it's in my feet. Wherever it is, I don't think I'll ever stop.#Robin Williams
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.#Confucius 
God enters by a private door into every individual.#Ralph Waldo Emerson
Music, in the best sense, does not require novelty; no, the older it is, and the more we are accustomed to it, the greater its effect.#Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
False words are not only evil in themselves, but they infect the soul with evil.#Socrates 
When ideas fail, words come in very handy.#Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Experience proves this, or that, or nothing, according to the preconceptions we bring to it.#C.S. Lewis
Our scientific power has outrun our spiritual power. We have guided missiles and misguided men.#Martin Luther King Jr.
Don't confuse fame with success. Madonna is one; Helen Keller is the other.#Erna Bombeck
If the United Nations once admits that international disputes can be settled by using force, then we will have destroyed the foundation of the organization and our best hope of establishing a world order.#Dwight Eisenhower
The great thing about democracy is that it gives every voter a chance to do something stupid.#Art Spander
The argument is at an end.#Saint Augustine
Any fool can make a rule.#Henry Thoreau
We seem to be going through a period of nostalgia, and everyone seems to think yesterday was better than today. I don't think it was, and I would advise you not to wait ten years before admitting today was great. If you're hung up on nostalgia, pretend today is yesterday and just go out and have one hell of a time.#Art Buchwald
Beauty is ever to the lonely mind a shadow fleeting; she is never plain. She is a visitor who leaves behind the gift of grief, the souvenir of pain.#Christopher Morley
I made a wrong mistake.#Yogi Berra
We have to do the best we can. This is our sacred human responsibility.#Albert Einstein
Humor is perhaps a sense of intellectual perspective: an awareness that some things are really important, others not; and that the two kinds are most oddly jumbled in everyday affairs.#Christopher Morley
You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do.#Henry Ford
I'm totally at home on the stage. That's where I live. That's where I was born. That's where I'm safe.#Michael Jackson
Have children while your parents are still young enough to take care of them.#Rita Rudner
I went into a restaurant and the sign said 'Breakfast anytime, so I ordered french toast during the Renaissance.#Steven Wright
I wish I could give you a lot of advice, based on my experience of winning political debates. But I don't have that experience. My only experience is at losing them.#Richard Nixon
I think the crucial thing in the writing career is to find what you want to do and how you fit in. What somebody else does is of no concern whatever except as an interesting variation.#James Michener
In the depths of winter, I finally learned that there was in me an invincible summer.#Albert Camus
Being is desirable because it is identical with Beauty, and Beauty is loved because it is Being. We ourselves possess Beauty when we are true to our own being; ugliness is in going over to another order; knowing ourselves, we are beautiful; in self-ignorance, we are ugly.#Ambrose Bierce
An actor is at most a poet and at least an entertainer.#Marlon Brando
Government consists in nothing else but so controlling subjects that they shall neither be able to, nor have cause to do it harm.#Nicolo Machiavelli
A man is measured by the size of things that anger him.#Geof Greenleaf
No man is justified in doing evil on the ground of expediency.#Theodore Roosevelt
Courage is being scared to death, but saddling up anyway.#John Wayne
It's passionately interesting for me that the things that I learned in a small town, in a very modest home, are just the things that I believe have won the election.#Margaret Thatcher
If I feel physically as if the top of my head were taken off, I know that is poetry.#Emily Dickinson
The direction in which education starts a man will determine his future life.#Plato 
Providence protects children and idiots. I know because I have tested it.#Mark Twain
Be like the promontory against which the waves continually break, but it stands firm and tames the fury of the water around it.#Marcus Aurelius
Politics is not a bad profession. If you succeed there are many rewards, if you disgrace yourself you can always write a book.#Ronald Reagan
Faith may be defined briefly as an illogical belief in the occurrence of the improbable.#Henry Mencken
Feminism is the radical notion that women are human beings.#Cheris Kramerae
Proverbs are always platitudes until you have personally experienced the truth of them.#Aldous Huxley
In politics, strangely enough, the best way to play your cards is to lay them face upwards on the table.#H.G. Wells
If you will not fight for the right when you can easily win without bloodshed; if you will not fight when your victory will be sure and not too costly; you may come to the moment when you will have to fight with all the odds against you and only a small chance of survival. There may even be a worse case: you may have to fight when there is no hope of victory, because it is better to perish than to live as slaves.#Winston Churchill
Congress, after years of stalling, finally got around to clearing the way for informal discussions that might lead to possible formal talks that could potentially produce some kind of tentative agreements...#Dave Barry
It doesn't matter how many people I've killed. What matters is how I get along with the people who are still alive.#Bruce Willis
To err is human; to forgive is divine.#Alexander Pope
Individual rights are not subject to a public vote; a majority has no right to vote away the rights of a minority; the political function of rights is precisely to protect minorities from oppression by majorities (and the smallest minority on earth is the individual).#Ayn Rand
Marriage is the alliance of two people, one of whom never remembers birthdays and the other who never forgets.#Ogden Nash
If you go on with this nuclear arms race, all you are going to do is make the rubble bounce.#Winston Churchill
Ordinary life is pretty complex stuff.#Harvey Pekar
I sit here all day trying to persuade people to do the things they ought to have the sense to do without my persuading them. That's all the powers of the President amount to.#Harry Truman
Never look down on anybody unless you're helping them up.#Jesse Jackson
As I would not be a slave, so I would not be a master. This expresses my idea of democracy. Whatever differs from this, to the extent of the difference, is no democracy.#Abraham Lincoln
Children are innocent and love justice, while most adults are wicked and prefer mercy.#GK Chesterton
Movies are my religion and God is my patron. I'm lucky enough to be in the position where I don't make movies to pay for my pool. When I make a movie, I want it to be everything to me; like I would die for it.#Quentin Tarantino
I say that a man must be certain of his morality for the simple reason that he has to suffer for it.#GK Chesterton
Women need a reason to have sex -- men just need a place.#Billy Crystal
A good many young writers make the mistake of enclosing a stamped, self-addressed envelope, big enough for the manuscript to come back in. This is too much of a temptation to the editor.#Ring Lardner
He who learns but does not think, is lost! He who thinks but does not learn is in great danger.#Confucius 
Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes.#Oscar Wilde
A man doesn't know what he knows until he knows what he doesn't know.#Laurence Peter
If life was fair, Elvis would be alive and all the impersonators would be dead.#Johnny Carson
Our lives teach us who we are.#Salman Rushdie
Unless you believe, you will not understand.#Saint Augustine
In time we hate that which we often fear.#William Shakespeare
How many observe Christ's birthday! How few, his precepts! O! 'tis easier to keep holidays than commandments.#Benjamin Franklin
Always do sober what you said you'd do drunk. That will teach you to keep your mouth shut.#Ernest Hemingway
The whole history of science has been the gradual realization that events do not happen in an arbitrary manner, but that they reflect a certain underlying order, which may or may not be divinely inspired.#Stephen Hawking
You punch me, I punch back. I do not believe it's good for ones self-respect to be a punching bag.#Victor Hugo
Nothing gives one person so much advantage over another as to remain always cool and unruffled under all circumstances.#Thomas Jefferson
The public is wonderfully tolerant. It forgives everything except genius.#Oscar Wilde
Those who are faithful know only the trivial side of love: it is the faithless who know love's tragedies.#Oscar Wilde
Bashfulness is an ornament to youth, but a reproach to old age.#Aristotle 
Where there is a lack of honor in government, the morals of the whole people are poisoned.#Herbert Hoover
We have to do more than just elect a new President if we truly want to change this country.#Dan Quayle
When you have to kill a man, it costs nothing to be polite.#Winston Churchill
Great leaders are almost always great simplifiers, who can cut through argument, debate, and doubt to offer a solution everybody can understand.#Colin Powell
A long habit of not thinking a thing wrong gives it a superficial appearance of being right.#Thomas Paine
A room without books is like a body without a soul.#GK Chesterton
There are people who put their dreams in a little box and say, Yes, I've got dreams, of course I've got dreams. Then they put the box away and bring it out once in awhile to look in it, and yep, they're still there.#Erna Bombeck
Don't use words too big for the subject. Don't say 'infinitely' when you mean 'very'; otherwise you'll have no word left when you want to talk about something really infinite.#C.S. Lewis
The second half of a man's life is made up of nothing but the habits he has acquired during the first half.#Fyodor Dostoevsky
If I have seen further, it is by standing on the shoulders of giants.#Isaac Newton
No matter what they're charging to get in, it's worth more to get out.#Roger Ebert
Pure love and suspicion cannot dwell together: at the door where the latter enters, the former makes its exit.#Alexandre Dumas
Man still bears in his bodily frame the indelible stamp of his lowly origin.#Charles Darwin
The beauty of religious mania is that it has the power to explain everything. Once God (or Satan) is accepted as the first cause of everything which happens in the mortal world, nothing is left to chance... logic can be happily tossed out the window.#Stephen King
Haven't you learned anything from that guy that gives those sermons in church? Captain What's-his-name. We live in a society of laws, why do you think I took you to see all those Police Academy movies? For fun? Well I didn't hear anybody laughing! Did you? Except at that guy who made sound effects. Vroom! Beep! Honk! Honk! Ha-ha. Where was I? Oh yeah, stay out of my booze!#Homer Simpson
I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand.#Confucius 
It is not length of life, but depth of life.#Ralph Waldo Emerson
Do not needlessly endanger your lives until I give you the signal.#Dwight Eisenhower
Meetings are an addictive, highly self-indulgent activity that corporations and other large organizations habitually engage in only because they cannot actually masturbate.#Dave Barry
A great photograph is one that fully expresses what one feels, in the deepest sense, about what is being photographed.#Ansel Adams
A man can no more diminish God's glory by refusing to worship Him than a lunatic can put out the sun by scribbling the word, 'darkness' on the walls of his cell.#C.S. Lewis
Everything done in weakness fails. Moral: Do nothing.#Friedrich Nietzsche
A popular Government without popular information or the means of acquiring it, is but a Prologue to a Farce or a Tragedy or perhaps both. Knowledge will forever govern ignorance, and a people who mean to be their own Governors, must arm themselves with the power knowledge gives.#James Madison
Behind every successful man is a woman, behind her is his wife.#Groucho Marx
No great discovery was ever made without a bold guess.#Isaac Newton
Comedy is the art of making people laugh without making them puke.#Steve Martin
I'm all in favor of keeping dangerous weapons out of the hands of fools. Let's start with typewriters.#Frank Lloyd Wright
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it's time to pause and reflect.#Mark Twain
What wisdom can you find that is greater than kindness?#Jean-Jacques Rousseau
Quote me as saying I was mis-quoted.#Groucho Marx
The greatest destroyer of peace is abortion, because if a mother can kill her own child what is left for me to kill you and you to kill me? There is nothing between.#Mother Teresa
Prosperity is the measure or touchstone of virtue, for it is less difficult to bear misfortune than to remain uncorrupted by pleasure.#Tacitus 
Ignorance more frequently begets confidence than does knowledge.#Charles Darwin
America is a land of taxation that was founded to avoid taxation.#Laurence Peter
The harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph.#Thomas Paine
What is good? Everything that heightens the feeling of power in man, the will to power, power itself.#Friedrich Nietzsche
The gap between those who worship different gods is not so wide as the gap between those who worship and those who don't.#C.S. Lewis
The task of the leader is to get his people from where they are to where they have not been.#Henry Kissinger
If the businessman would stop talking like a computer printout or a page from the corporate annual report, other people would stop thinking he had a cash register for a heart.#Henry Kissinger
The Law of conservation of energy tells us we can't get something for nothing, but we refuse to believe it.#Isaac Asimov
I must study politics and war that my sons may have liberty to study mathematics and philosophy. My sons ought to study mathematics and philosophy, geography, natural history, naval architecture, navigation, commerce and agriculture in order to give their children a right to study painting, poetry, music, architecture, statuary, tapestry, and porcelain.#John Adams
People sleep peaceably in their beds at night only because rough men stand ready to do violence on their behalf.#George Orwell
Talent is cheaper than table salt. What separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work.#Stephen King
A liberal is a man too broadminded to take his own side in a quarrel.#Robert Frost
My dream is of a place and a time where America will once again be seen as the last best hope of earth.#Abraham Lincoln
Our liberty depends on the freedom of the press, and that cannot be limited without being lost.#Thomas Jefferson
The best way to keep one's word is not to give it.#Napoleon Bonaparte
Opportunity is missed by most people because it comes dressed in overalls and looks like work.#Thomas Edison
To  I'm an atheist; to God, I'm the Loyal Opposition.#Woody Allen
The fact of evolution is the backbone of biology, and biology is thus in the peculiar position of being a science founded on an improved theory, is it then a science or faith?#Charles Darwin
There is only one rule for being a good talker - learn to listen.#Christopher Morley
Love is a verb.#Author Unknown
Never judge a philosophy by its abuse.#Saint Augustine
No matter how much cats fight, there always seem to be plenty of kittens.#Abraham Lincoln
Friends, if we be honest with ourselves, we shall be honest with each other.#George MacDonald
Life does not cease to be funny when people die any more than it ceases to be serious when people laugh.#George Bernard Shaw
Women have a thirst for order and beauty as for something physical; there is a strange female power of hating ugliness and waste as good men can only hate sin and bad men virtue.#GK Chesterton
We humans do not need to leave Earth to get to a hostile, deadly, alien environment; we already have Miami.#Dave Barry
Be careful about reading health books. You may die of a misprint.#Mark Twain
Ambition is like a frog sitting on a Venus's-flytrap. The flytrap can bite and bite, but it won't bother the frog because it only has little tiny plant teeth. But some other stuff could happen and it could be like ambition.#Jack Handey
Famous remarks are very seldom quoted correctly.#Simeon Strunsky
I'm completely in favor of the separation of Church and State. My idea is that these two institutions screw us up enough on their own, so both of them together is certain death.#George Carlin
The greatness comes not when things always go good for you. But the greatness comes when you're really tested, when you take some knocks, some disappointments when sadness comes. Because only if you've been in the deepest valley can you ever know how magnificent it is to be on the highest mountain.#Richard Nixon
Act like you expect to get into the end zone.#Christopher Morley
Reading makes a full man; conference a ready man; and writing an exact man.#Francis Bacon
True friends stab you in the front.#Oscar Wilde
Opera is when a guy gets stabbed in the back and, instead of bleeding, he sings.#Ed Gardner
The best way to cheer yourself up is to try to cheer somebody else up.#Mark Twain
I have ever deemed it more honorable and more profitable, too, to set a good example than to follow a bad one.#Thomas Jefferson
Sacred cows make the best hamburger.#Mark Twain
Beauty and folly are old companions.#Benjamin Franklin
Politics is the art of looking for trouble, finding it everywhere, diagnosing it incorrectly, and applying the wrong remedies.#Groucho Marx
It is often hard to bear the tears that we ourselves have caused.#Marcel Proust
Have you ever heard people say 'don't sweat the details'? Well, they're wrong: sweat the details. They have a name for people who sweat the details: millionaires.#Jerry Bowyer
One definition of an economist is somebody who sees something happen in practice and wonders if it will work in theory.#Ronald Reagan
Government, even in its best state, is but a necessary evil; in its worst state, an intolerable one.#Thomas Paine
You don't take a photograph, you make it.#Ansel Adams
Like many intellectuals, he was incapable of saying a simple thing in a simple way.#Marcel Proust
If you want to know what God thinks of money, just look at the people he gave it to.#Dorothy Parker
I keep six honest serving-men (They taught me all I knew); Their names are What and Why and When And How and Where and Who.#Rudyard Kipling
It ain't over till it's over.#Yogi Berra
The object of teaching a child is to enable him to get along without a teacher.#Elbert Hubbard
Don't ever take a fence down until you know why it was put up.#Robert Frost
We should be careful to get out of an experience only the wisdom that is in it - and stop there; lest we be like the cat that sits down on a hot stove-lid. She will never sit down on a hot stove-lid again - and that is well; but also she will never sit down on a cold one anymore.#Mark Twain
A life without adventure is likely to be unsatisfying, but a life in which adventure is allowed to take whatever form it will is sure to be short.#Bertrand Russell
If destruction be our lot, we must ourselves be its author and finisher. As a nation of freemen, we must live through all time, or die by suicide.#Abraham Lincoln
The man who regards life as meaningless is not merely unfortunate, but almost disqualified for life.#Albert Einstein
If you love somebody, let them go, for if they return, they were always yours. And if they don't, they never were.#Kahlil Gibran
First they ignore you, then they ridicule you, then they fight you, then you win.#Mahatma Gandhi
Always leave something to wish for; otherwise you will be miserable from your very happiness.#Baltasar Gracian
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.#Benjamin Franklin
The difference between fiction and reality? Fiction has to make sense.#Tom Clancy
Baseball is the belly-button of our society.#Bill Lee
In the struggle for survival, the fittest win out at the expense of their rivals because they succeed in adapting themselves best to their environment.#Charles Darwin
A great many of those who 'debunk' traditional...values have in the background values of their own which they believe to be immune from the debunking process.#C.S. Lewis
An atheist is one who hopes the Lord will do nothing to disturb his disbelief.#Franklin Jones
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.#Mahatma Gandhi
Politics is supposed to be the second oldest profession. I have come to realize that it bears a very close resemblance to the first.#Ronald Reagan
Friendship, like the immortality of the soul, is too good to be believed. When friendships are real, they are not glass threads or frost work, but the solidest things we know.#Ralph Waldo Emerson
Divide and rule, a sound motto. Unite and lead, a better one.#Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
It has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity.#Albert Einstein
We will always remember. We will always be proud. We will always be prepared, so we may always be free.#Ronald Reagan
I have always been offended by the song that says, 'Everything is beautiful in its own way.' If everything is beautiful, then the word 'beautiful' has no meaning. If everything were purple, there would be no word 'purple' in the language because it would not distinguish one thing from another.#Thomas Sowell
The artist is nothing without the gift, but the gift is nothing without work.#Emile Zola
Love is a gross exaggeration of the difference between one person and everybody else.#George Bernard Shaw
Don't look back; they may be gaining on you.#Satchel Paige
Had I been chosen President again, I am certain I could not have lived another year.#John Adams
I don't generally feel anything until noon, then it's time for my nap.#Oliver Wendell Holmes
There are three types of baseball players: those who make things happen, those who watch it happen, and those who wonder what happens.#Tommy Lasorda
Men want a woman whom they can turn on and off like a light switch.#Ian Fleming
I believe that our Heavenly Father invented man because he was disappointed in the monkey.#Mark Twain
I broke a mirror the other day. I'm supposed to get seven years of bad luck, but my lawyer thinks he can get me five.#Steven Wright
My toughest fight was with my first wife.#Muhammad Ali
Little League baseball is a good thing 'cause it keeps the parents off the streets and it keeps the kids out of the house.#Yogi Berra
Bureaucrats: they are dead at 30 and buried at 60. They are like custard pies; you can't nail them to a wall.#Frank Lloyd Wright
Before the Pilgrims landed at Plymouth, we were here. Before the pen of Jefferson etched across the pages of history the majestic words of the Declaration of Independence, we were here. If the inexpressible cruelties of slavery could not stop us, the opposition we now face will surely fail.#Martin Luther King Jr.
A penny saved is a penny earned.#Benjamin Franklin
An engagement should come on a young girl as a surprise, pleasant or unpleasant, as the case may be. It is hardly a matter that she could be allowed to arrange for herself.#Oscar Wilde
If you desire to drain to the dregs the fullest cup of scorn and hatred that a fellow human being can pour out for you, let a young mother hear you call dear baby it.#T.S. Eliot
No distance of place or lapse of time can lessen the friendship of those who are thoroughly persuaded of each other's worth.#Robert Southey
I deplore the need or the use of troops anywhere to get American citizens to obey the orders of constituted courts.#Dwight Eisenhower
The spirit of resistance to government is so valuable on certain occasions that I wish it to be always kept alive. It will often be exercised when wrong, but better so than not to be exercised at all.#Thomas Jefferson
There are always two people in every picture: the photographer and the viewer.#Ansel Adams
In the small matters trust the mind, in the large ones the heart.#Sigmund Freud
Duty cannot exist without faith.#Benjamin Disraeli
The MPAA rates this PG-13. It is too vulgar for anyone under 13, and too dumb for anyone over 13.#Roger Ebert
Between two groups of people who want to make inconsistent kinds of worlds, I see no remedy but force.#Oliver Wendell Holmes
It is not what you look at, but what you see.#Henry Thoreau
The last temptation is the greatest treason: to do the right deed for the wrong reason.#T.S. Eliot
Sex without love is a meaningless experience, but as far as meaningless experiences go, it's pretty damn good.#Woody Allen
It's better to be good than evil, but one achieves goodness at a terrific cost.#Stephen King
Not what we say about our blessings, but how we use them, is the true measure of our thanksgiving.#WT Purkiser
Life in abundance comes only through great love.#Elbert Hubbard
Happiness and moral duty are inseparably connected.#George Washington
Leadership has a harder job to do than just choose sides. It must bring sides together.#Jesse Jackson
Everyone's a pacifist between wars. It's like being a vegetarian between meals.#Colman McCarthy
In the life of a man, his time is but a moment...his sense, a dim rushlight. All that is body is as coursing waters...all that is of the soul, as dreams, and vapors.#Marcus Aurelius
What seem our worst prayers may really be, in God's eyes, our best. Those, I mean, which are least supported by devotional feeling. For these may come from a deeper level than feeling. God sometimes seems to speak to us most intimately when He catches us, as it were, off our guard.#C.S. Lewis
Genius may have its limitations, but stupidity is not thus handicapped.#Elbert Hubbard
Wedding: a ceremony at which two persons undertake to become one, one undertakes to become nothing, and nothing undertakes to become supportable.#Ambrose Bierce
Struggle is the father of all things. It is not by the principles of humanity that man lives or is able to preserve himself above the animal world, but solely by means of the most brutal struggle. If you do not fight, life will never be won.#Adolf Hitler
How I wish that somewhere there existed an island for those who are wise and of goodwill! In such a place even I would be an ardent patriot.#Albert Einstein
I am not a has-been. I am a will be.#Lauren Bacall
Democratic nations must try to find ways to starve the terrorist and the hijacker of the oxygen of publicity on which they depend.#Margaret Thatcher
Did you ever notice how difficult it is to argue with someone who is not obsessed with being right?#Wayne Dyer
Think, every day, something no one else is thinking.#Christopher Morley
The force of public opinion cannot be resisted when permitted freely to be expressed. The agitation it produces must be submitted to.#Thomas Jefferson
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go.#T.S. Eliot
A friend is one before whom you may think aloud.#Ralph Waldo Emerson
I don't care what is written about me, so long as it isn't true.#Dorothy Parker
Religion is essentially the art and the theory of the remaking of man. Man is not a finished creation.#Edmund Burke
Life is a foreign language; all men mispronounce it.#Christopher Morley
Such is the delicacy of man alone, that no object is produced to his liking. He finds that in everything there is need for improvement. The whole industry of human life is employed not in procuring the supply of our three humble necessities, food, clothes and lodging, but in procuring the conveniences of it according to the nicety and delicacy of our tastes.#Adam Smith
There is wishful thinking in Hell as well as on Earth.#C.S. Lewis
Religion to me has always been the wound, not the bandage.#Dennis Potter
The greatest thing in this world is not so much where we are, but in what direction we are moving.#Oliver Wendell Holmes
We know life is futile. A man who considers that his life is of very wonderful importance is awfully close to a padded cell.#Clarence Darrow
The secret of getting things done is to act!#Dante Alighieri
Of course I don't believe in it. But I understand that it brings you luck whether you believe in it or not.#Niels Bohr
The constitution vests the power of declaring war in Congress; therefore no offensive expedition of importance can be undertaken until after they shall have deliberated upon the subject and authorized such a measure.#George Washington
How strange that nature does not knock, and yet does not intrude!#Emily Dickinson
It is in their 'good' characters that novelists make, unawares, the most shocking self-revelations.#C.S. Lewis
When you become senile, you won't know it.#Bill Cosby
Extraordinary claims require extraordinary proof.#Carl Sagan
If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. Then quit. No use being a damn fool about it.#W.C. Fields
Those who would most scornfully repudiate Christianity as a mere 'opiate of the people' have a contempt for the rich, that is, for all mankind except the poor.#C.S. Lewis
This truth should be kept constantly in mind by every free people desiring to preserve the sanity and poise indispensable to the permanent success of self-government.#Theodore Roosevelt
Men are born ignorant, not stupid; they are made stupid by education.#Bertrand Russell
Can't live with 'em. Can't legally torture them to death.#Author Unknown
Every year, back comes Spring, with nasty little birds yapping their fool heads off and the ground all mucked up with plants.#Dorothy Parker
If you look for truth, you may find comfort in the end; if you look for comfort you will not get either comfort or truth only soft soap and wishful thinking to begin, and in the end, despair.#C.S. Lewis
Facts are stubborn, but statistics are more pliable.#Mark Twain
A man may imagine things that are false, but he can only understand things that are true, for if the things be false, the apprehension of them is not understanding.#Isaac Newton
Pacifism is objectively pro-fascist. This is elementary common sense. If you hamper the war effort of one side, you automatically help out that of the other. Nor is there any real way of remaining outside such a war as the present one. In practice, 'he that is not with me is against me.'#George Orwell
Must not all things at the last be swallowed up in death?#Plato 
I take my wife everywhere, but she keeps finding her way back.#Henny Youngman
For three days after death, hair and fingernails continue to grow but phone calls taper off.#Johnny Carson
Peace and justice are two sides of the same coin.#Dwight Eisenhower
In politics, an organized minority is a political majority.#Jesse Jackson
Take everything you like seriously, except yourselves.#Rudyard Kipling
I don't believe in quotas. America was founded on a philosophy of individual rights, not group rights.#Clarence Thomas
What would men be without women? Scarce, sir, mighty scarce.#Mark Twain
We live, in fact, in a world starved for solitude, silence, and private: and therefore starved for meditation and true friendship.#C.S. Lewis
An optimist is a person who starts a new diet on Thanksgiving Day.#Irv Kupcinet
Bad artists copy. Great artists steal.#Pablo Picasso
Heroism is not only in the man, but in the occasion.#Calvin Coolidge
Speed provides the one great modern pleasure.#Aldous Huxley
Don't worry about the world coming to an end today. It's already tomorrow in Australia.#Charles Schulz
The greatest monarch on the proudest throne is obliged to sit upon his own arse.#Benjamin Franklin
Democracy is a process by which people are free to choose the man who will get the blame.#Laurence Peter
Religion is fundamentally opposed to everything I hold in veneration - courage, clear thinking, honesty, fairness, and, above all, love of the truth.#Henry Mencken
Every improvement in communication makes the bore more terrible.#Frank Moore Colby
A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age.#Robert Frost
I do not feel obliged to believe that the same God who has endowed us with sense, reason, and intellect has intended us to forgo their use.#Galileo Galilei
Telling us to obey instinct is like telling us to obey 'people.' People say different things: so do instincts. Our instincts are at war. Each instinct, if you listen to it, will claim to be gratified at the expense of the rest.#C.S. Lewis
She is not perfect. You are not perfect. The question is whether or not you are perfect for each other.#Robin Williams
Anybody can make history; only a great man can write it.#Oscar Wilde
The only way to win World War III is to prevent it.#Dwight Eisenhower
By three methods we may learn wisdom: First, by reflection, which is noblest; Second, by imitation, which is easiest; and third by experience, which is the bitterest.#Confucius 
I don't always know what I'm talking about but I know I'm right.#Muhammad Ali
If we will be quiet and ready enough, we shall find compensation in every disappointment.#Henry Thoreau
To avoid criticism do nothing, say nothing, be nothing.#Elbert Hubbard
The greatest lesson in life is to know that even fools are right sometimes.#Winston Churchill
What is bad? Everything that is born of weakness.#Friedrich Nietzsche
I wake up every morning at nine and grab for the morning paper. Then I look at the obituary page. If my name is not on it, I get up.#Benjamin Franklin
TV is chewing gum for the eyes.#Frank Lloyd Wright
I would not join any club that would have someone like me for a member.#Groucho Marx
Power is the ultimate aphrodisiac.#Henry Kissinger
We are never deceived; we deceive ourselves.#Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
The Communists disdain to conceal their views and aims. They openly declare that their ends can be attained only by the forcible overthrow of all existing conditions. Let the ruling classes tremble at a communistic revolution. The proletarians have nothing to lose but their chains. They have a world to win.Workers of all countries...unite!#Frederick Engels
The days of looking the other way while despotic regimes trample human rights, rob their nations' wealth, and then excuse their failings by feeding their people a steady diet of anti-Western hatred are over.#Dick Cheney
Watch what people are cynical about, and one can often discover what they lack.#George Patton
I have come to the conclusion that my subjective account of my motivation is largely mythical on almost all occasions. I don't know why I do things.#J.B.S. Haldane
Pride is an admission of weakness; it secretly fears all competition and dreads all rivals.#Fulton J. Sheen
Sex alleviates tension. Love causes it.#Woody Allen
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.#Franklin D. Roosevelt
Be a good listener. Your ears will never get you in trouble.#Frank Tyger
No man is so foolish but he may sometimes give another good counsel, and no man so wise that he may not easily err if he takes no other counsel than his own. He that is taught only by himself has a fool for a master.#Hunter S. Thompson
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart.#Helen Keller
If I ran a school, I'd give the average grade to the ones who gave me all the right answers, for being good parrots. I'd give the top grades to those who made a lot of mistakes and told me about them, and then told me what they learned from them.#Buckminster Fuller
War with evil; but show no spirit of malignity toward the man who may be responsible for the evil. Put it out of his power to do wrong.#Theodore Roosevelt
Success, the real success, does not depend upon the position you hold but upon how you carry yourself in that position.#Theodore Roosevelt
Don't confuse having a career with having a life.#Hillary Clinton
A person who doubts himself is like a man who would enlist in the ranks of his enemies and bear arms against himself. He makes his failure certain by himself being the first person to be convinced of it.#Alexandre Dumas
Fallacies do not cease to be fallacies because they become fashions.#GK Chesterton
Business today consists in persuading crowds.#T.S. Eliot
Whenever you want to marry someone, go have lunch with his ex-wife.#Francis William Bourdillon
If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world.#J.R.R. Tolkien
All our knowledge has its origin in our perceptions.#Leonardo da Vinci
War should be the only study of a prince.#Nicolo Machiavelli
Let us be grateful to people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.#Marcel Proust
All that is not eternal is eternally out of date.#C.S. Lewis
Baseball has the great advantage over cricket of being sooner ended.#George Bernard Shaw
When I first heard that Marge was joining the police academy, I thought it would be fun and zany, like that movie Spaceballs. But instead it was dark and disturbing. Like that movie -- Police Academy.#Homer Simpson
I argue very well. Ask any of my remaining friends. I can win an argument on any topic, against any opponent. People know this, and steer clear of me at parties. Often, as a sign of their great respect, they don't even invite me.#Dave Barry
So long as governments set the example of killing their enemies, private individuals will occasionally kill theirs.#Elbert Hubbard
Hope is itself a species of happiness, and, perhaps, the chief happiness which this world affords: but, like all other pleasures immoderately enjoyed, the excesses of hope must be expiated by pain; and expectations improperly indulged must end in disappointment.#Samuel Johnson
There's nothing sadder in this world than to awake Christmas morning and not be a child.#Erna Bombeck
The statistics on sanity are that one out of every four Americans are suffering from some form of mental illness. Think of your three best friends. If they're okay, then it's you.#Rita Mae Brown
All but the hard hearted man must be torn with pity for this pathetic dilemma of the rich man, who has to keep the poor man just stout enough to do the work and just thin enough to have to do it.#GK Chesterton
What is now proved was once only imagined.#William Blake
The power of accurate observation is commonly called cynicism by those who have not got it.#George Bernard Shaw
The Christian ideal has not been tried and found wanting; it has been found difficult and left untried.#GK Chesterton
The world is a fine place, and worth fighting for.#Ernest Hemingway
Courage consists in the power of self-recovery.#Ralph Waldo Emerson
I think the best possible social program is a job.#Ronald Reagan
Bad men live that they may eat and drink, whereas good men eat and drink that they may live.#Socrates 
Love takes up where knowledge leaves off.#Thomas Aquinas
Toleration is good for all, or it is good for none.#Edmund Burke
A man who never made a mistake never made anything.#David Gemmell
In politics shared hatreds are almost always the basis of friendships.#Alexis de Tocqueville
You can't deny laughter; when it comes, it plops down in your favorite chair and stays as long as it wants.#Stephen King
A true photograph need not be explained, nor can it be contained in words.#Ansel Adams
The spirit, the will to win, and the will to excel are the things that endure. These qualities are so much more important than the events that occur.#Vince Lombardi
If a person with multiple personalities threatens suicide, is that considered a hostage situation?#Steven Wright
In times like these, it helps to recall that there have always been times like these.#Paul Harvey
The time to repair the roof is when the sun is shining.#John F. Kennedy
One swallow does not make a summer.#Aristotle 
In an atmosphere of liberty, artists and patrons are free to think the unthinkable and create the audacious; they are free to make both horrendous mistakes and glorious celebrations.#Ronald Reagan
God is more truly imagined than expressed, and He exists more truly than He is imagined.#Saint Augustine
I am easily satisfied with the very best.#Winston Churchill
If you're successful, acting is about as soft a job as anybody could ever wish for. But if you're unsuccessful it's worse than having a skin disease.#Marlon Brando
It's strange that words are so inadequate. Yet, like the asthmatic struggling for breath, so the lover must struggle for words.#T.S. Eliot
Philosophy:  A route of many roads leading from nowhere to nothing.#Ambrose Bierce
There is no such thing as a moral or an immoral book. Books are well written, or badly written.#Oscar Wilde
Philosophers, for the most part, are constitutionally timid, and dislike the unexpected.  Few of them would be genuinely happy as pirates or burglars.  Accordingly they invent systems which make the future calculable, at least in its main outlines.#Bertrand Russell
An inconvenience is only an adventure wrongly considered; an adventure is an inconvenience rightly considered.#GK Chesterton
Nothing is more difficult, and therefore more precious, than to be able to decide.#Napoleon Bonaparte
It is easier to prevent bad habits than to break them.#Benjamin Franklin
Happiness serves hardly any other purpose than to make unhappiness possible.#Marcel Proust
As soon as one is unhappy one becomes moral.#Marcel Proust
That would be a good thing for them to cut on my tombstone: Wherever she went, including here, it was against her better judgment.#Dorothy Parker
Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were. But without it, we go nowhere.#Carl Sagan
It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit.#Harry Truman
Never murder a man who is committing suicide.#Woodrow Wilson
It is when people forget God that tyrants forge their chains.#Patrick Henry
The educated differ from the uneducated as much as the living from the dead.#Aristotle 
Learning carries within itself certain dangers because out of necessity one has to learn from one's enemies.#Leon Trotsky
What we obtain too cheap, we esteem too lightly.#Thomas Paine
There comes a time in every rightly constructed boy's life when he has a raging desire to go somewhere and dig for hidden treasure.#Henry Kissinger
Writing, at its best, is a lonely life. Organizations for writers palliate the writer's loneliness, but I doubt if they improve his writing. He grows in public stature as he sheds his loneliness and often his work deteriorates. For he does his work alone and if he is a good enough writer he must face eternity, or the lack of it, each day.#Ernest Hemingway
Youth has no age.#Pablo Picasso
Admit it, sport-utility-vehicle owners! It's shaped a little differently, but it's a station wagon! And you do not drive it across rivers! You drive it across the Wal-Mart parking lot!#Dave Barry
A star on a movie set is like a time bomb. That bomb has got to be defused so people can approach it without fear.#Jack Nicholson
No tears in the writer, no tears in the reader. No surprise in the writer, no surprise in the reader.#Robert Frost
A dreamer is one who can only find his way by moonlight, and his punishment is that he sees the dawn before the rest of the world.#Oscar Wilde
Though I am not naturally honest, I am sometimes by chance.#William Shakespeare
The first rule of any technology used in a business is that automation applied to an efficient operation will magnify the efficiency. The second is that automation applied to an inefficient operation will magnify the inefficiency.#Bill Gates
Where knowledge ends, religion begins.#Benjamin Disraeli
No virtuous act is quite as virtuous from the standpoint of our friend or foe, as from our own. Therefore, we are saved by the final form of love which is forgiveness.#Reinhold Niebuhr
There are some who've forgotten why we have a military. It's not to promote war; it's to be prepared for peace.#Ronald Reagan
I have always thought that every woman should marry, and no man.#Benjamin Disraeli
Nietzsche was stupid and abnormal.#Leo Tolstoy
God, as some cynic has said, is always on the side which has the best football coach.#Heywood Broun
America is not like a blanket: one piece of unbroken cloth, the same color, the same texture, the same size. America is more like a quilt: many patches, many pieces, many colors, many sizes, all woven and held together by a common thread.#Jesse Jackson
Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored.#Aldous Huxley
People who want to share their religious views with you almost never want you to share yours with them.#Dave Barry
If we knew what it was we were doing, it would not be called research, would it?#Albert Einstein
Anyone can dabble, but once you've made that commitment, your blood has that particular thing in it, and it's very hard for people to stop you.#Bill Cosby
This is the very perfection of a man, to find out his own imperfections.#Saint Augustine
The West will not contain Communism, it will transcend Communism. We will not bother to denounce it, we'll dismiss it as a sad, bizarre chapter in human history whose last pages are even now being written.#Ronald Reagan
A mind of the calibre of mine cannot derive its nutriment from cows.#George Bernard Shaw
A free society is one where it is safe to be unpopular.#Adlai Stevenson
Man was made at the end of the week's work when God was tired.#Mark Twain
There is no substitute for hard work.#Thomas Edison
If he's so smart, how come he's dead?#Homer Simpson
How selfish soever man may be supposed, there are evidently some principles in his nature, which interest him in the fortune of others, and render their happiness necessary to him, though he derives nothing from it, except the pleasure of seeing it.#Adam Smith
The point of philosophy is to start with something so simple as not to seem worth stating, and to end with something so paradoxical that no one will believe it.#Bertrand Russell
The world is a dangerous place, not because of those who do evil, but because of those who look on and do nothing.#Albert Einstein
Politics is a profession; a serious, complicated and, in its true sense, a noble one.#Dwight Eisenhower
There is but one truly serious philosophical problem, and that is suicide. Judging whether life is or is not worth living amounts to answering the fundamental question of philosophy.#Albert Camus
The most ridiculous concept ever perpetrated by Homo Sapiens is that the Lord God of Creation, Shaper and Ruler of the Universes, wants the sacharrine adoration of his creations, that he can be persuaded by their prayers, and becomes petulant if he does not recieve this flattery. Yet this ridiculous notion, without one real shred of evidence to bolster it, has gone on to found one of the oldest, largest and least productive industries in history.#Robert Heinlein
If you hold a cat by the tail you learn things you cannot learn any other way.#Mark Twain
It is preoccupation with possessions, more than anything else, that prevents us from living freely and nobly.#Bertrand Russell
Fashion is a form of ugliness so intolerable that we have to alter it every six months.#Oscar Wilde
There is no joy in life like the joy of sharing.#Billy Graham
Our industries have expanded to such a point that they will burst their jackets if they cannot find a free outlet to the markets of the world. Our domestic markets no longer suffice. We need foreign markets.#Woodrow Wilson
I might repeat to myself slowly and soothingly, a list of quotations beautiful from minds profound - if I can remember any of the damn things.#Dorothy Parker
To us, the moment 8:17 A.M. means something - something very important, if it happens to be the starting time of our daily train. To our ancestors, such an odd eccentric instant was without significance - did not even exist. In inventing the locomotive, Watt and Stevenson were part inventors of time.#Aldous Huxley
There is no cosmetic for beauty like happiness.#Marguerite Gardiner Blessington
Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning.#Bill Gates
I have always thought of Christmas time as a good time. A kind, forgiving, charitable, pleasant time. The only time I know of, in the long calendar of the year, when men and women seem by one consent to open their shut-up hearts freely.#Charles Dickens
We need an America with the wisdom of experience.  But we must not let America grow old in spirit.#Hubert H. Humphrey
The line between failure and success is so fine that we scarcely know when we pass it; so fine that we are often on the line and do not know it.#Elbert Hubbard
Freedom of the press is limited to those who own one.#Henry Mencken
I just finished my first book. Pretty soon, I'm gonna read another.#Rodney Dangerfield
The difference between the most dissimilar characters, between a philosopher and a common street porter, for example, seems to arise not so much from nature, as from habit, custom, and education.#Adam Smith
Beware of little expenses. A small leak will sink a great ship.#Benjamin Franklin
The best thing about the future is that it comes only one day at a time.#Abraham Lincoln
Chicago sounds rough to the maker of verse. One comfort we have: Cincinnati sounds worse.#Oliver Wendell Holmes
It is only about things that do not interest one, that one can give a really unbiased opinion; and this is no doubt the reason why an unbiased opinion is always valueless.#Oscar Wilde
What you cannot enforce, do not command.#Socrates 
Love is agrowing, to full constant light; and his first minute, after noon, is night.#John Donne
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.#Thomas Edison
All that is required for evil to prevail is for good men to do nothing.#Edmund Burke
Heav'n hath no rage like love to hatred turn'd, Nor Hell a fury, like a woman scorn'd.#William Congreve
People can misinterpret almost anything so that it coincides with views they already hold. They take from art what they already believe.#Stanley Kubrick
You would not call a man humane for ceasing to set mousetraps if he did so because he believed there were no mice in the house.#C.S. Lewis
It was when I was happiest that I longed most...The sweetest thing in all my life has been the longing...to find the place where all the beauty came from.#C.S. Lewis
There has been only one Christmas - the rest are anniversaries.#W.J. Cameron
There's a difference between a philosophy and a bumper sticker.#Charles Schulz
The only right way of telling a story is to begin at the beginning--at the beginning of the world. Therefore all books have to be begun in the wrong way for the sake of brevity.#GK Chesterton
A Canadian is someone who knows how to make love in a canoe.#Pierre Berton
There is no terror in the bang, only in the anticipation of it.#Alfred Hitchcock
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.#Thomas Edison
My grandmother started walking five miles a day when she was sixty. She's ninety-five now, and we don't know where the hell she is.#Ellen DeGeneres
I've seen George Foreman shadow boxing and the shadow won.#Muhammad Ali
To me, clowns aren't funny. In fact, they're kinda scary. I've wondered where this started, and I think it goes back to the time I went to the circus and a clown killed my dad.#Jack Handey
I would rather be a failure doing something I love than be a sucess doing something I hate.#George Burns
A scientific man ought to have no wishes, no affections, -- a mere heart of stone.#Charles Darwin
A riot is the language of the unheard.#Martin Luther King Jr.
To teach how to live with uncertainty, yet without being paralyzed by hesitation, is perhaps the chief thing that philosophy can do.#Bertrand Russell
The Psalmists in telling everyone to praise God are doing what all men do when they speak of what they care about.#C.S. Lewis
When the solution is simple, God is answering.#Albert Einstein
America is much more than a geographical fact.  It is a political and moral fact - the first community in which men set out in principle to institutionalize freedom, responsible government, and human equality.#Adlai Stevenson
Which painting in the National Gallery would I save if there was a fire? The one nearest the door of course.#George Bernard Shaw
Sex at age ninety is like trying to shoot pool with a rope.#George Burns
Human beings, all over the earth, have this curious idea that they ought to behave in a certain way, and can't really get rid of it.#C.S. Lewis
I have sworn upon the altar of God, eternal hostility against every form of tyranny over the mind of man.#Thomas Jefferson
The government at Washington does live. It lives in the pages of our Constitution and in the hearts of our citizens, and there it will always be safe.#Spiro Agnew
Politics has got so expensive that it takes lots of money to even get beat with.#Will Rogers
A woman seldom asks advice before she has bought her wedding clothes.#Joseph Addison
I feel impelled to speak today in a language that in a sense is new-one which I, who have spent so much of my life in the military profession, would have preferred never to use. That new language is the language of atomic warfare.#Dwight Eisenhower
...I hope that we will hear no more of all ways of life and all cultures being equally valid, which none of us truly believes but which many people mouth in order to appear broad-minded and generous of spirit.#Armand Nicholi Jr.
Anyone without a sense of humor is at the mercy of everyone else.#William Rotsler
A guy could have one major limb lying on the ground a full ten feet from the rest of his body, and he'd claim it was 'just a sprain'.#Dave Barry
Surely what a man does when he is caught off his guard is the best evidence as to what sort of man he is.#C.S. Lewis
Never pick a fight with people who buy ink by the barrel.#Bill Clinton
There is one thing I would break up over, and that is if she caught me with another woman. I won't stand for that.#Steve Martin
If ye love wealth greater than liberty, the tranquility of servitude greater than the animating contest for freedom, go home from us in peace. We seek not your counsel, nor your arms. Crouch down and lick the hand that feeds you; May your chains set lightly upon you, and may posterity forget that ye were our countrymen.#Samuel Adams
Speaking the Truth in times of universal deceit is a revolutionary act.#George Orwell
A poem begins as a lump in the throat, a sense of wrong, a homesickness, a lovesickness.#Robert Frost
America will never be destroyed from the outside.  If we falter and lose our freedoms, it will be because we destroyed ourselves.#Abraham Lincoln
However many holy words you read, however many you speak, what good will they do you if you do not act on upon them?#Siddhartha Buddha
I saw few die of hunger; of eating, a hundred thousand.#Benjamin Franklin
Never give in--never, never, never, never, in nothing great or small, large or petty, never give in except to convictions of honour and good sense. Never yield to force; never yield to the apparently overwhelming might of the enemy.#Winston Churchill
No one ever told me that grief felt so like fear. I am not afraid, but the sensation is like being afraid. The same fluttering in the stomach, the same restlessness, the yawning. I keep on swallowing.#C.S. Lewis
Although golf was originally restricted to wealthy, overweight Protestants, today it's open to anybody who owns hideous clothing.#Dave Barry
You give me a credit to which I have no claim in calling me 'the writer of the Constitution of the United States.' This was not, like the fabled Goddess of Wisdom, the offspring of a single brain. It ought to be regarded as the work of many heads and many hands.#James Madison
Before everything else, getting ready is the secret of success.#Henry Ford
More than half modern culture depends on what one shouldn't read.#Oscar Wilde
There are two kinds of people, those who do the work and those who take the credit. Try to be in the first group; there is less competition there.#Indira Gandhi
When you want to fool the world, tell the truth.#Otto von Bismarck
The giving of love is an education in itself.#Eleanor Roosevelt
A photograph is usually looked at - seldom looked into.#Ansel Adams
Wars are caused by undefended wealth.#Ernest Hemingway
A little simplification would be the first step toward rational living, I think.#Eleanor Roosevelt
On the plus side, death is one of the few things that can be done just as easily lying down.#Woody Allen
Scientists make a guess and call it a hypothesis. 'Guess' is too short a word for a professor.#William Jennings Bryan
Our true nationality is mankind.#H.G. Wells
You may delay, but time will not.#Benjamin Franklin
He can compress the most words into the smallest idea of any man I know.#Abraham Lincoln
Without losers, where would the winners be?#Casey Stengel
No human thing is of serious importance.#Plato 
The battle, Sir, is not to the strong alone; it is to the vigilant, the active, the brave.#Patrick Henry
My Grandmother is over eighty and still doesn't need glasses. Drinks right out of the bottle.#Henny Youngman
Peace and friendship with all mankind is our wisest policy, and I wish we may be permitted to pursue it.#Thomas Jefferson
The Rock of Ages is more important than the age of rocks.#William Jennings Bryan
A day without laughter is a day wasted.#Charlie Chaplin
The great masses of the people will more easily fall victims to a big lie than to a small one.#Adolf Hitler
I recently had my annual physical examination, which I get once every seven years, and when the nurse weighed me, I was shocked to discover how much stronger the Earth's gravitational pull has become since 1990.#Dave Barry
A film is - or should be - more like music than like fiction. It should be a progression of moods and feelings. The theme, what's behind the emotion, the meaning, all that comes later.#Stanley Kubrick
Let us live so that when we come to die even the undertaker will be sorry.#Mark Twain
When in doubt, do it.#Oliver Wendell Holmes
A true artist will let his wife starve, his children go barefoot, his mother drudge for his living at seventy, sooner than work at anything but his art.#George Bernard Shaw
There are many silly superstitions about lightning, and as a result many people - maybe even you - are terrified of it. You shouldn't worry. Thanks to modern science we now know that lightning is nothing more than huge chunks of electricity that can come out of the sky, anytime, anywhere, and kill you.#Dave Barry
If you would be known, and not know, vegetate in a village; If you would know, and not be known, live in a city.#Charles Caleb Colton
Few men have virtue to withstand the highest bidder.#George Washington
Money can help you to get medicines but not health. Money can help you to get soft pillows, but not sound sleep. Money can help you to get material comforts, but not eternal bliss. Money can help you to get ornaments, but not beauty. Money will help you to get an electric earphone, but not natural hearing. Attain the supreme wealth, wisdom, and you will have everything.#Benjamin Franklin
It is the dull man who is always sure, and the sure man who is always dull.#Henry Mencken
Ah, yes, divorce...from the Latin word meaning to rip out a man's genitals through his wallet.#Robin Williams
The partisan, when he is engaged in a dispute, cares nothing about the rights of the question, but is anxious only to convince his hearers of his own assertions.#Plato 
Persistence and determination alone are omnipotent. The slogan 'press on' has solved and always will solve the problems of the human race.#Calvin Coolidge
You don't have to deserve your mother's love. You have to deserve your father's.#Robert Frost
We must learn to live together as brothers, or perish together as fools.#Martin Luther King Jr.
Football combines two of the worst things in American life. It is violence punctuated by committee meetings.#George Will
Happiness is a butterfly, which, when pursued, is always just beyond your grasp, but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.#Nathaniel Hawthorne
The fight is won or lost far away from the witnesses, behind the lines, in the gym, and out there on the road; long before I dance under those lights.#Muhammad Ali
Share your knowledge. It's a way to achieve immortality.#Dalai Lama
Do the hard jobs first. The easy jobs will take care of themselves.#Dale Carnegie
With the sleep of dreams comes nightmares.#William Shakespeare
God's colors all are fast.#John Greenleaf Whittier
A man's kiss is his signature.#Mae West
Remember that as a teenager you are at the last stage of your life when you will be happy to hear that the phone is for you.#Fran Lebowitz
Your theory is crazy, but it's not crazy enough to be true.#Niels Bohr
Success on any major scale requires you to accept responsibility. In the final analysis, the one quality that all successful people have is the ability to take on responsibility.#Michael Korda
Your children need your presence more than your presents.#Jesse Jackson
The ACLU is always yakking about the Constitution, and most of us are getting mighty tired of it. I mean, if the Constitution is so great, how come it was amended so many times? Huh?#Dave Barry
The heart has its reasons, of which the mind knows nothing.#Blaise Pascal
If your kid makes one of those little homemade guitars out of a cigar box and rubber bands, don't let him just play it once or twice and then throw it away. Make him practice on it, every day, for about three hours a day. Later, he'll thank you.#Jack Handey
Of the delights of this world man cares most for sexual intercourse, yet he has left it out of his heaven.#Mark Twain
For the want of a nail, the shoe was lost; for the want of a shoe the horse was lost; and for the want of a horse the rider was lost, being overtaken and slain by the enemy, all for the want of care about a horseshoe nail.#Benjamin Franklin
Too many poets delude themselves by thinking that the mind is dangerous and must be left out. Well, the mind is dangerous and must be left in.#Robert Frost
I'm number 10 at the box office. Right under Barbra Streisand. Can you imagine being under Barbra Streisand? Get me a bag. I may throw up.#Walter Matthau
But could not our situation be compared to one of a menacing epidemic? People are unable to view this situation in its true light, for their eyes are blinded by passion. General fear and anxiety create hatred and aggressiveness. The adaptation to warlike aims and activities has corrupted the mentality of man; as a result, intelligent, objective and humane thinking has hardly any effect and is even suspected and persecuted as unpatriotic.#Albert Einstein
Men are born to succeed, not fail.#Henry Thoreau
I'm not a very good writer, but I'm an excellent rewriter.#James Michener
Why has government been instituted at all? Because the passions of men will not conform to the dictates of reason and justice, without constraint.#Alexander Hamilton
The main part of intellectual education is not the acquisition of facts but learning how to make facts live.#Oliver Wendell Holmes
The sudden disappointment of a hope leaves a scar which the ultimate fulfillment of that hope never entirely removes.#Thomas Hardy
Give me chastity and continence, but not yet.#Saint Augustine
No man, who continues to add something to the material, intellectual and moral well-being of the place in which he lives, is left long without proper reward.#Booker T. Washington
Miracles are a retelling in small letters of the very same story which is written across the whole world in letters too large for some of us to see.#C.S. Lewis
We should enact an 'e' tax. Government agents would roam the country looking for stores whose names contained any word that ended in an unnecessary 'e,' such as 'shoppe' or 'olde,' and the owners of these stores would be taxed at a flat rate of $50,000 per year per 'e.' We should also consider an additional $50,000 'ye' tax, so that the owner of a store called 'Ye Olde Shoppe' would have to fork over $150,000 a year. In extreme cases, such as 'Ye Olde Barne Shoppe,' the owner would simply be taken outside and shot.#Dave Barry
My goal is simple. It is a complete understanding of the universe, why it is as it is and why it exists at all.#Stephen Hawking
He is a very modest man with a great deal to be modest about.#Winston Churchill
Our flag is red, white and blue, but our nation is a rainbow -- red, yellow, brown, black and white -- and we're all precious in God's sight.#Jesse Jackson
The natural liberty of man is to be free from any superior power on Earth, and not to be under the will or legislative authority of man, but only to have the law of nature for his rule.#Samuel Adams
I have taken more out of alcohol than alcohol has taken out of me.#Winston Churchill
Suffrage is the pivotal right.#Susan B. Anthony
Poetry is what gets lost in translation.#Robert Frost
Time takes it all, whether you want it to or not. Time takes it all, time bears it away, and in the end there is only darkness. Sometimes we find others in that darkness, and sometimes we lose them there again.#Stephen King
He that lives upon hope will die fasting.#Benjamin Franklin
I didn't attend the funeral, but I sent a nice letter saying I approved of it.#Mark Twain
Bad men are full of repentance.#Aristotle 
Badness is only spoiled goodness.#C.S. Lewis
The statesman who would attempt to direct private people in what manner they ought to employ their capitals, would not only load himeslf with a most unnecessary attention, but assume an authority which could safely be trusted to no council and senate whatever, and which would nowhere be so dangerous as in the hands of a man who had folly and presumption enough to fancy himself fit to exercise it.#Adam Smith
It always rains on tents. Rainstorms will travel thousands of miles, against prevailing winds for the opportunity to rain on a tent.#Dave Barry
It is a general popular error to suppose the loudest complainers for the public to be the most anxious for its welfare.#Edmund Burke
Life is pleasant. Death is peaceful. It's the transition that's troublesome.#Jimi Hendrix
Everything comes too late for those who only wait.#Elbert Hubbard
Like many members of the uncultured, Cheez-It consuming public, I am not good at grasping modern art.#Dave Barry
Marriage is not a ritual or an end. It is a long, intricate, intimate dance together and nothing matters more than your own sense of balance and your choice of partner.#Amy Bloom
Nobody expects to trust his body overmuch after the age of fifty.#Alexander Hamilton
We shall not fail or falter; we shall not weeaken or tire. Give us the tools and we will finish the job.#Winston Churchill
If you just set out to be liked, you would be prepared to compromise on anything at any time, and you would achieve nothing.#Margaret Thatcher
I hate war as only a soldier who has lived it can, only as one who has seen its brutality, its futility, its stupidity.#Dwight Eisenhower
Poetry is not a turning loose of emotion, but an escape from emotion; it is not the expression of personality, but an escape from personality. But, of course, only those who have personality and emotions know what it means to want to escape from these things.#T.S. Eliot
The most important things are the hardest things to say. They are the things you get ashamed of because words diminish your feelings - words shrink things that seem timeless when they are in your head to no more than living size when they are brought out.#Stephen King
While the romanticized ideal of universal public education resonates with the cognoscenti who oppose vouchers, poor urban families just want the best education for their children, who will certainly need it to function in our high-tech and advanced society.#Clarence Thomas
The father is always a Republican toward his son, and his mother's always a Democrat.#Robert Frost
No one can earn a million dollars honestly.#William Jennings Bryan
Truth is generally the best vindication against slander.#Abraham Lincoln
In baseball, you don't know nothin'.#Yogi Berra
There is a fine line between genius and insanity. I have erased this line.#Oscar Levant
If you have a job without aggravation, you don't have a job.#Malcolm Forbes
Americans can always be counted on to do the right thing...after they have exhausted all other possibilities.#Winston Churchill
The mind of a bigot is like the pupil of the eye. The more light you shine on it, the more it will contract.#Oliver Wendell Holmes
Times are bad. Children no longer obey their parents, and everyone is writing a book.#Marcus Tullius Cicero
The only man who never makes a mistake is the man who never does anything.#Theodore Roosevelt
Anyone who says that they can contemplate quantum mechanics without becoming dizzy has not understood the concept in the least.#Niels Bohr
If women didn't exist, all the money in the world would have no meaning.#Aristotle Onassis
We have no government armed with power capable of contending with human passions unbridled by morality and religion. Avarice, ambition, revenge, or gallantry, would break the strongest cords of our Constitution as a whale goes through a net. Our Constitution was made only for a moral and religious people. It is wholly inadequate to the government of any other.#John Adams
Some people seem as if they can never have been children, and others seem as if they could never be anything else.#George Dennison Prentice
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all.#Dale Carnegie
True peace is not merely the absence of tension: it is the presence of justice.#Martin Luther King Jr.
If a man watches three football games in a row, he should be declared legally dead.#Erna Bombeck
Death is not the worst than can happen to men.#Plato 
Philosophy is written in this grand book - I mean the Universe - which stands continually open to our gaze, but it cannot be understood unless one first learns to comprehend the language and interpret the characters in which it is written.  It is written in the language of mathematics, and its characters are triangles, circles and other geometrical figures, without which it is humanly impossible to understand a single word of it.#Galileo Galilei
Learning without thought is labor lost.#Confucius 
Dying is a very dull, dreary affair. And my advice to you is to have nothing whatever to do with it.#W. Somerset Maugham
You can have everything in life that you want if you just give enough other people what they want.#Zig Ziglar
I have learnt that success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has overcome while trying to succeed.#Booker T. Washington
A coach is someone who can give correction without causing resentment.#John Wooden
I shall tell you a great secret my friend. Do not wait for the last judgement, it takes place every day.#Albert Camus
Cherish all your happy moments: they make a fine cushion for old age.#Christopher Morley
Perseverance is a great element of success. If you only knock long enough and loud enough at the gate, you are sure to wake up somebody.#Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.#Henry Thoreau
One thing I have learned about the presidency is that whatever shortcomings you have, people are going to notice them -- and whatever strengths you have, you're going to need them.#George W. Bush
How did it happen that their lips came together? How does it happen that birds sing, that snow melts, that the rose unfolds, that the dawn whitens behind the stark shapes of trees on the quivering summit of the hill? A kiss, and all was said.#Victor Hugo
Leadership is solving problems. The day soldiers stop bringing you their problems is the day you have stopped leading them. They have either lost confidence that you can help or concluded you do not care. Either case is a failure of leadership.#Colin Powell
If you can't imitate him, don't copy him.#Yogi Berra
In the councils of government, we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by the military-industrial complex.#Dwight Eisenhower
Drinking makes such fools of people, and people are such fools to begin with, that it's compounding a felony.#Robert Benchley
Not all chemicals are bad. Without chemicals such as hydrogen and oxygen, for example, there would be no way to make water, a vital ingredient in beer.#Dave Barry
Never mistake motion for action.#Ernest Hemingway
We are healed from suffering only by experiencing it to the full.#Marcel Proust
Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake.#Napoleon Bonaparte
Let us now set forth one of the fundamental truths about marriage: the wife is in charge.#Bill Cosby
It is very easy to tell the difference between man-made and God-made objects. The more you magnify man-made objects, the cruder they look, but the more you magnify God-made objects, the more precise and intricate they appear.#Luther Sutherland
Better than a thousand hollow words, is one word that brings peace.#Siddhartha Buddha
The dream is the small hidden door in the deepest and most intimate sanctum of the soul, which opens to that primeval cosmic night that was soul long before there was conscious ego and will be soul far beyond what a conscious ego could ever reach.#Carl Jung
The highest form of wisdom is to get drunk and go to pieces.#Rudyard Kipling
As soon as you trust yourself, you will know how to live.#Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Man's conquest of Nature turns out, in the moment of its consummation, to be Nature's conquest of Man.#C.S. Lewis
Occasionally in life there are those moments of unutterable fulfillment which cannot be completely explained by those symbols called words. Their meanings can only be articulated by the inaudible language of the heart.#Martin Luther King Jr.
Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within reach of every hand.#Mother Teresa
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one.#Elbert Hubbard
I bought some batteries but they weren't included, so I had to buy them again.#Steven Wright
There is an immense, painful longing for a broader, more flexible, fuller, more coherent, more comprehensive account of what we human beings are, who we are, and what this life is for.#Saul Bellow
Happiness is not a destination. It is a method of life.#Burton Hills
The only man I know who behaves sensibly is my tailor; he takes my measurements anew each time he sees me. The rest go on with their old measurements and expect me to fit them.#George Bernard Shaw
'It will obliterate your senses!' reports David Gillin, who obviously writes autobiographically.#Roger Ebert
A husband is what's left of the lover after the nerve has been extracted.#Socrates 
Nobody made a greater mistake than he who did nothing because he could do only a little.#Edmund Burke
We don't receive wisdom; we must discover it for ourselves after a journey that no one can take for us or spare us.#Marcel Proust
Slang is the language which takes off its coat, spits on its hands - and goes to work.#Carl Sandburg
Nobody has ever before asked the nuclear family to live all by itself in a box the way we do. With no relatives, no support, we've put it in an impossible situation.#Margaret Mead
Nothing inspires forgiveness quite like revenge.#Scott Adams
The right thing to do never requires any subterfuge, it is always simple and direct.#Calvin Coolidge
By the time we've made it, we've had it.#Malcolm Forbes
Every act of creation is first of all an act of destruction.#Pablo Picasso
The first thing I do in the morning is brush my teeth and sharpen my tongue.#Dorothy Parker
People demand freedom of speech to make up for the freedom of thought, which they avoid.#Soren Aabye Kierkegaard
Analyzing humor is like dissecting a frog. Few people are interested and the frog dies of it.#E.B. White
Fear is your best friend or your worst enemy. It's like fire. If you can control it, it can cook for you; it can heat your house. If you can't control it, it will burn everything around you and destroy you. If you can control your fear, it makes you more alert, like a deer coming across the lawn.#Mike Tyson
A radical is a man with both feet firmly planted in the air.#Franklin D. Roosevelt
It is a terrible thing to see and have no vision.#Helen Keller
Poetry may make us from time to time a little more aware of the deeper, unnamed feelings which form the substratum of our being, to which we rarely penetrate; for our lives are mostly a constant evasion of ourselves.#T.S. Eliot
Part of every misery is, so to speak, the misery's shadow or reflection: the fact that you don't merely suffer but have to keep on thinking about the fact that you suffer. I not only live each endless day in grief, but live each day thinking about living each day in grief.#C.S. Lewis
It is better to sleep on things beforehand than lie awake about them afterward.#Baltasar Gracian
Anger as soon as fed is dead. 'Tis starving makes it fat.#Emily Dickinson
If God has created us in His image, we have more than returned the compliment.#Francois Marie Arouet (Voltaire)
Every man is a damn fool for at least five minutes every day; wisdom consists in not exceeding the limit.#Elbert Hubbard
An economist is an expert who will know tomorrow why the things he predicted yesterday didn't happen today.#Laurence Peter
The only thing worse than a man you can't control is a man you can.#Margo Kaufman
To hell with circumstances. I create opportunities.#Bruce Lee
How come the dove gets to be the peace symbol? How about the pillow? It has more feathers than the dove, and it doesn't have that dangerous beak.#Jack Handey
There are two distinct classes of what are called thoughts: those that we produce in ourselves by reflection and the act of thinking and those that bolt into the mind of their own accord.#Thomas Paine
The past is a ghost, the future a dream, and all we ever have is now.#Bill Cosby
In my heart, I think a woman has two choices: Either she's a feminist or a masochist.#Gloria Steinem
Talent does what it can; genius does what it must.#Edward Bulwer-Lytton
I'm willing to admit that I may not always be right, but I am never wrong.#Samuel Goldwyn
Knowledge is of two kinds. We know a subject ourselves, or we know where we can find information upon it.#Samuel Johnson
It is a good idea to shop around before you settle on a doctor. Ask about the condition of his Mercedes. Ask about the competence of his mechanic. Don't be shy! After all, you're paying for it.#Dave Barry
Youth is easily deceived because it is quick to hope.#Aristotle 
The fragrance always stays in the hand that gives the rose.#Hada Bejar
This above all: to thine own self be true, and it must follow, as the night the day, thou canst not then be false to any man.#William Shakespeare
Great ability develops and reveals itself increasingly with every new assignment.#Baltasar Gracian
This is a Christian nation.#Harry Truman
A coward is incapable of exhibiting love; it is the prerogative of the brave.#Mahatma Gandhi
He that would live in peace and at ease must not speak all he knows or all he sees.#Benjamin Franklin
The wise man learns more from the fool than the fool learns from the wise man.#Marcus Aurelius
Absence and death are the same - only that in death there is no suffering.#Theodore Roosevelt
There is no sadder sight than a young pessimist.#Mark Twain
Courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the judgment that something else is more important than fear.#Ambrose Redmoon
There is no such thing as a good war and there is no such thing as a bad peace.#Benjamin Franklin
You can get help from teachers, but you are going to have to learn a lot by yourself, sitting alone in a room.#Theodor Seuss Geisel
Reason is experimental intelligence, conceived after the pattern of science, and used in the creation of social arts; it has something to do. It liberates man from the bondage of the past, due to ignorance and accident hardened into custom. It projects a better future and assists man in its realization.#John Dewey
It is always thus, impelled by a state of mind which is destined not to last, that we make our irrevocable decisions.#Marcel Proust
No man is an island, entire of itself; every man is a piece of the continent.#John Donne
No one gossips about other people's secret virtues.#Bertrand Russell
Democracy is when the indigent, and not the men of property, are the rulers.#Aristotle 
There is luxury in self-reproach. When we blame ourselves, we feel no one else has a right to blame us.#Oscar Wilde
The function of RAM is to give us guys a way of deciding whose computer has the biggest, studliest, most tumescent MEMORY. This is important, because with today's complex software, the more memory a computer has, the faster it can produce error messages. So the bottom line is, if you're a guy, you cannot have enough RAM.#Dave Barry
Fortune has rarely condescended to be the companion of genius.#Isaac Disraeli
Birth and death are not two different states, but they are different aspects of the same state. There is as little reason to deplore the one as there is to be pleased over the other.#Mahatma Gandhi
Political language is designed to make lies sound truthful and murder respectable, and to give an appearance of solidity to pure wind.#George Orwell
I couldn't tell if the streaker was a man or a woman because it had a bag on it's head.#Yogi Berra
It was the experience of mystery -- even if mixed with fear -- that engendered religion.#Albert Einstein
Do, or do not. There is no 'try.'#Jedi Master Yoda
Life is painting a picture, not doing a sum.#Oliver Wendell Holmes
What I look forward to is continued immaturity followed by death.#Dave Barry
When you get to be President, there are all those things, the honors, the twenty-one gun salutes, all those things. You have to remember it isn't for you. It's for the Presidency.#Harry Truman
The conviction of the rich that the poor are happier is no more foolish than the conviction of the poor that the rich are.#Mark Twain
Today's students can put dope in their veins or hope in their brains. If they can conceive it and believe it, they can achieve it. They must know it is not their aptitude, but their attitude, that will determine their altitude.#Jesse Jackson
If you want to conquer fear, don't sit at home and think about it. Go out and get busy.#Andrew Carnegie
The government is best which governs least.#Thomas Jefferson
Character is much easier kept than recovered.#Thomas Paine
Children need encouragement. So if a kid gets an answer right, tell him it was a lucky guess. That way, he develops a good, lucky feeling.#Jack Handey
Our only hope today lies in our ability to recapture the revolutionary spirit and go into a sometimes hostile world declaring eternal hostility to poverty, racism, and militarism.#Martin Luther King Jr.
Religion is all bunk.#Thomas Edison
Real love stories never have endings.#Richard Bach
...adults are just obsolete children, and the hell with them.#Theodor Seuss Geisel
Be not afraid of greatness. Some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon 'em.#William Shakespeare
For two people in a marriage to live together day after day is unquestionably the one miracle the Vatican has overlooked.#Bill Cosby
The most incomprehensible thing about the world is that it is at all comprehensible.#Albert Einstein
Wealth is not his that has it, but his that enjoys it.#Benjamin Franklin
Forgive your enemies, but never forget their names.#John F. Kennedy
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.#Colin Powell
I don't know what the new Ford will be called. Probably something like the 'Ford Untamed Wilderness Adventure.' In the TV commercials, it will be shown splashing through rivers, charging up rocky mountainsides, swinging on vines, diving off cliffs, racing through the surf, and fighting giant sharks hundreds of feet beneath the ocean surface -- all the daredevil things that cars do in Sport Utility Vehicle Commercial World, where nobody ever drives on an actual world. In fact, the interstate highways in Sport Utility Vehicle Commercial World, having been abandoned by humans, are teeming with deer, squirrels, birds, and other wildlife species that have fled from the forests to avoid being run over by nature-seekers in multi-ton vehicles barreling through the underbrush at 50 miles per hour.#Dave Barry
When we're unemployed, we're called lazy; when the whites are unemployed it's called a depression.#Jesse Jackson
Lies are essential to humanity. They are perhaps as important as the pursuit of pleasure and moreover are dictated by that pursuit.#Marcel Proust
If a little dreaming is dangerous, the cure for it is not to dream less but to dream more, to dream all the time.#Marcel Proust
I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.#Mark Twain
This report, by its very length, defends itself against the risk of being read.#Winston Churchill
When you're as great as I am, it's hard to be humble.#Muhammad Ali
If you are gonna kick society in the teeth, you might as well use both feet.#Keith Richards
Thus far, the reputed idiot Bush has graduated from Yale and Harvard, made a stack of cash in the oil industry, become the first consecutive-term governor of Texas, defeated a dual-term VP for the presidency, and led his party to [November 5th's] extraordinary triumphs. Let his opponents keep calling him stupid; if they do, within five years Bush will be King of England, the Pope, and world Formula One motor racing champion.#Tim Blair
I perceived that to express those impressions, to write that essential book, which is the only true one, a great writer does not, in the current meaning of the word, invent it, but, since it exists already in each one of us, interprets it. The duty and the task of a writer are those of an interpreter.#Marcel Proust
Rhis is to be asserted in general of men: that they are ungrateful, fickle, false, cowardly, covetous, and as long as you succeed, are yours entirely; they will offer you their blood, property, life, and children...when the need is far distant; but when it approaches, they will turn against you.#Nicolo Machiavelli
God is not proud...He will have us even though we have shown that we prefer everything else to Him.#C.S. Lewis
Too bad the only people who know how to run the country are busy driving cabs and cutting hair.#George Burns
Four years ago, some said the world had grown calm, and many assumed that the United States was invulnerable to danger. That thought might have been comforting; it was also false. Like other generations of Americans, we soon discovered that history had great and unexpected duties in store for us.#Dick Cheney
At least five times...with the Arian and the Albigensian, with the Humanist sceptic, after Voltaire and after Darwin, the Faith has to all appearance gone to the dogs. In each of these five cases it was the dog that died.#GK Chesterton
Constantly talking isn't necessarily communicating.#Charlie Kaufman
Show me your hands. Do they have scars from giving? Show me your feet. Are they wounded in service? Show me your heart. Have you left a place for divine love?#Fulton J. Sheen
From the moment I picked your book up until I laid it down I was convulsed with laughter. Some day I intend reading it.#Groucho Marx
Never exaggerate your faults. Your friends will attend to that.#Francis Bacon
If you're afraid to ask the question, it's probably because you already know the answer.#Miriam M. Wynn
Love never dies a natural death. It dies because we don't know how to replenish it's source. It dies of blindness and errors and betrayals. It dies of illness and wounds; it dies of weariness, of witherings, of tarnishings.#Anais Nin
The books all say that barracuda rarely eat people, but very few barracuda can read, and they have far more teeth than would be necessary for a strictly seafood diet. Their mouths look like the entire $39.95 set of Ginsu knives, including the handy Arm Slicer.#Dave Barry
Laughter is the shortest distance between two people.#Victor Borge
Success is the maximum utilization of the ability that you have.#Zig Ziglar
Just in terms of allocation of time resources, religion is not very efficient. There's a lot more I could be doing on a Sunday morning.#Bill Gates
Music is the language of the spirit. It opens the secret of life bringing peace, abolishing strife.#Kahlil Gibran
I'd rather hear an old truth than a new lie.#Chris Bowyer
A silly idea is current that good people do not know what temptation means. This is an obvious lie. Only those who try to resist temptation know how strong it is... A man who gives in to temptation after five minutes simply does not know what it would have been like an hour later. That is why bad people, in one sense, know very little about badness. They have lived a sheltered life by always giving in.#C.S. Lewis
It is those who know little, and not those who know much, who so positively assert that this or that problem will never be solved by science.#Charles Darwin
Toleration is the best religion.#Victor Hugo
You should do your own car repairs. It's an easy way to save money and possibly maim yourself for life.#Dave Barry
After all, it is style alone by which posterity will judge of a great work, for an author can have nothing truly his own but his style.#Isaac Disraeli
Wal-Mart, what's that? Do they, like, make walls there?#Paris Hilton
'My country, right or wrong' is a thing no patriot would ever think of saying except in a desperate case. It is like saying 'My mother, drunk or sober.'#GK Chesterton
The movie's director is the pilot. It's his vision. For an actor, the time to worry about flying is when you're on the ground. If you don't want to fly with the director, don't get on the plane.#Denzel Washington
The unthankful heart... discovers no mercies; but let the thankful heart sweep through the day and, as the magnet finds the iron, so it will find, in every hour, some heavenly blessings!#Henry Ward Beecher
All men are frauds. The only difference between them is that some admit it. I myself deny it.#Henry Mencken
Americans learn only from catastrophe and not from experience.#Theodore Roosevelt
Glory is fleeting, but obscurity is forever.#Napoleon Bonaparte
The will of the people is the only legitimate foundation of any government, and to protect its free expression should be our first object.#Thomas Jefferson
A man who is eating or lying with his wife or preparing to go to sleep in humility, thankfulness and temperance, is, by Christian standards, in an infinitely higher state than one who is listening to Bach or reading Plato in a state of pride.#C.S. Lewis
Going to church doesn't make you any more a Christian than going to the garage makes you a car.#Laurence Peter
The only paradise is paradise lost.#Marcel Proust
Liberty is never out of bounds or off limits; it spreads wherever it can capture the imagination of men.#E.B. White
Happiness makes up in height for what it lacks in length.#Robert Frost
Men acquire a particular quality by constantly acting in a particular way.#Aristotle 
Childbirth, as a strictly physical phenomenon, is comparable to driving a United Parcel truck through an inner tube.#Dave Barry
The most dangerous moment for a bad government is when it begins to reform.#Alexis de Tocqueville
The humblest citizen of all the land; when clad in the armour of a righteous cause; is stronger than all the hosts of Error.#William Jennings Bryan
A woman has to be twice as good as a man to go half as far.#Fannie Hurst
Love sought is good, but given unsought is better.#William Shakespeare
Freedom is the right to question and change the established way of doing things. It is the continuous revolution of the marketplace. It is the understanding that allows us to recognize shortcomings and seek solutions.#Ronald Reagan
The difference between sex and death is that with death you can do it alone and no one is going to make fun of you.#Woody Allen
The best way to win an argument is to begin by being right.#Jill Ruckleshaus
A grandmother pretends she doesn't know who you are on Halloween.#Erna Bombeck
Loving people live in a loving world. Hostile people live in a hostile world.#Wayne Dyer
That government is best which governs least.#Thomas Paine
A government which robs Peter to pay Paul can always depend on the support of Paul.#George Bernard Shaw
The degree of civilization in a society can be judged by entering its prisons.#Fyodor Dostoevsky
How happy is the blameless Vestal's lot! The world forgetting, by the world forgot. Eternal sunshine of the spotless mind! Each pray'r accepted, and each wish resign'd.#Alexander Pope
That woman speaks eighteen languages and she can't say 'no' in any one of them.#Dorothy Parker
For there is one thing we must never forget...the majority can never replace the man. And no more than a hundred empty heads make one wise man will an heroic decision arise from a hundred cowards.#Adolf Hitler
Genius without education is like silver in the mine.#Benjamin Franklin
Leadership and learning are indispensable to each other.#John F. Kennedy
Duties are not performed for duty's sake, but because their neglect would make the man uncomfortable. A man performs but one duty - the duty of contenting his spirit, the duty of making himself agreeable to himself.#Mark Twain
I predict future happiness for Americans if they can prevent the government from wasting the labors of the people under the pretense of taking care of them.#Thomas Jefferson
The holy passion of Friendship is of so sweet and steady and loyal and enduring a nature that it will last through a whole lifetime, if not asked to lend money.#Mark Twain
Nothing pains some people more than having to think.#Martin Luther King Jr.
Well enough for old folks to rise early, because they have done so many mean things all their lives they can't sleep anyhow.#Mark Twain
Success didn't spoil me, I've always been insufferable.#Fran Lebowitz
Democracy means that anyone can grow up to be president, and anyone who doesn't grow up can be vice president.#Johnny Carson
Let the river roll which way it will, cities will rise on its banks.#Ralph Waldo Emerson
Absence makes the heart grow fonder.#Eleanor Roosevelt
A man can't be too careful in the choice of his enemies.#Oscar Wilde
If we cut up beasts simply because they cannot prevent us and because we are backing our own side in the struggle for existence, it is only logical to cut up imbeciles, criminals, enemies, or capitalists for the same reasons.#C.S. Lewis
Most of the change we think we see in life is due to truths being in and out of favor.#Robert Frost
I've had a wonderful time, but this wasn't it.#Groucho Marx
Blessed are the forgetful: for they get the better even of their blunders.#Friedrich Nietzsche
When people stop believing in God, they don't believe in nothing -- they believe in anything.#GK Chesterton
The ear is the only true writer and the only true reader.#Robert Frost
The surface of American society is covered with a layer of democratic paint, but from time to time one can see the old aristocratic colours breaking through.#Alexis de Tocqueville
An unexamined life is not worth living.#Socrates 
A typical vice of American politics is the avoidance of saying anything real on real issues.#Theodore Roosevelt
All God's children are not beautiful. Most of God's children are, in fact, barely presentable.#Fran Lebowitz
Ocean: A body of water occupying 2/3 of a world made for man...who has no gills.#Ambrose Bierce
He who controls the present, controls the past. He who controls the past, controls the future.#George Orwell
The gambling known as business looks with austere disfavor upon the business known as gambling.#Ambrose Bierce
The intelligent man finds almost everything ridiculous, the sensible man hardly anything.#Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
People will pay more to be entertained than educated.#Johnny Carson
It is better to keep your mouth closed and let people think you are a fool than to open it and remove all doubt.#Mark Twain
I hope that when you are my age, you will be able to say as I have been able to say: We lived in freedom. We lived lives that were a statement, not an apology.#Ronald Reagan
Those who expect to reap the blessings of freedom must, like men, undergo the fatigue of supporting it.#Thomas Paine
Morality, like numinous awe, is a jump; in it, man goes beyond anything that can be 'given' in the facts of experience.#C.S. Lewis
I didn't really say everything I said.#Yogi Berra
Don't tell people how to do things. Tell them what to do and let them surprise you with their results.#George Patton
The victor will never be asked if he told the truth.#Adolf Hitler
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.#John Lennon
God help the man who won't marry until he finds a perfect woman, and God help him still more if he finds her.#Benjamin Tillet
When a politician is in opposition he is an expert on the means to some end; and when he is in office he is an expert on the obstacles to it.#GK Chesterton
The dictionary is the only place that success comes before work. Hard work is the price we must pay for success. I think you can accomplish anything if you're willing to pay the price.#Vince Lombardi
The illegal we do immediately. The unconstitutional takes a little longer.#Henry Kissinger
It is a good thing for an uneducated man to read books of quotations.#Winston Churchill
The Nation which indulges toward another an habitual hatred or an habitual fondness is in some degree a slave. It is a slave to its animosity or to its affection, either of which is sufficient to lead it astray from its duty and its interest.#George Washington
The World is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page.#Saint Augustine
You play the hand you're dealt. I think the game's worthwhile.#C.S. Lewis
A man doesn't automatically get my respect. He has to get down in the dirt and beg for it.#Jack Handey
No, no, no, Lisa. If adults don't like their jobs, they don't go on strike. They just go in every day and do it really half-assed.#Homer Simpson
The secret of education is respecting the pupil.#Ralph Waldo Emerson
To be a leader means to be able to move masses.#Adolf Hitler
Never interrupt me when I'm trying to interrupt you.#Winston Churchill
I know nothing about sex because I was always married.#Zsa Zsa Gabor
Goldie and I did have a car stolen right out of our yard. It took us three days to notice.#Kurt Russell
It is a mistake to think you can solve any major problems just with potatoes.#Douglas Adams
The problem is not that we have too many fools, it's that the lightning isn't distributed right.#Mark Twain
Don't think of retiring from the world until the world will be sorry that you retire. I hate a fellow whom pride or cowardice or laziness drives into a corner, and who does nothing when he is there but sit and growl. Let him come out as I do, and bark.#Samuel Johnson
I paid too much for it, but it's worth it.#Samuel Goldwyn
Happiness consists in activity. It is running stream, not a stagnant pool.#Oliver Wendell Holmes
Television is the first truly democratic culture - the first culture available to everybody and entirely governed by what the people want. The most terrifying thing is what people do want.#Clive Barnes
As far as the laws of mathematics refer to reality, they are not certain, and as far as they are certain, they do not refer to reality.#Albert Einstein
If you have an apple and I have an apple and we exchange these apples then you and I will still each have one apple. But if you have an idea and I have an idea and we exchange these ideas, then each of us will have two ideas.#George Bernard Shaw
Man is equally incapable of seeing the nothingness from which he emerges and the infinity in which he is engulfed.#Blaise Pascal
Never worry about the size of your Christmas tree.  In the eyes of children, they are all thirty feet tall.#Larry Wilde
Wise men talk because they have something to say; fools, because they have to say something.#Plato 
The man who disobeys his parents will have disobedient sons.#Nachman of Bratslav
'You scratch my back, and I'll suck blood out of yours' - that is the insect motto.#Dave Barry
What is art but a way of seeing?#Saul Bellow
The time which we have at our disposal every day is elastic; the passions we feel expand it, those that we inspire contract it, and habit fills up what remains.#Marcel Proust
Individual commitment to a group effort -- that is what makes a team work a company work, a society work, a civilization work.#Vince Lombardi
You find out more about God from the Moral Law than from the univerise in general just as you find out more about a man by listening to his conversation than by looking at a house he has built.#C.S. Lewis
Having someone wonder where you are when you don't come home at night is a very old human need.#Margaret Mead
If we command our wealth, we shall be rich and free; if our wealth commands us, we are poor indeed.#Edmund Burke
Just because I look sexy on the cover of Rolling Stone doesn't mean I'm naughty.#Britney Spears
A great part of courage is the courage of having done the thing before.#Ralph Waldo Emerson
A novel is balanced between a few true impressions and the multitude of false ones that make up most of what we call life.#Saul Bellow
Our passions are not too strong, they are too weak. We are far too easily pleased.#C.S. Lewis
You don't know what you can get away with until you try.#Colin Powell
Why should we take advice on sex from the pope?  If he knows anything about it, he shouldn't!#George Bernard Shaw
To put the world right in order, we must first put the nation in order; to put the nation in order, we must first put the family in order; to put the family in order, we must first cultivate our personal life; we must first set our hearts right.#Confucius 
When the past no longer illuminates the future, the spirit walks in darkness.#Alexis de Tocqueville
Hide not your talents. They for use were made. What's a sundial in the shade.#Benjamin Franklin
Time, which changes people, does not alter the image we have retained of them.#Marcel Proust
When you work seven days a week, fourteen hours a day, you get lucky.#Armand Hammer
I think men who have a pierced ear are better prepared for marriage. They've experienced pain and bought jewelry.#Rita Rudner
Fatherhood is pretending the present you love most is soap on-a-rope.#Bill Cosby
I believe one of the reasons so many do not get a higher education is the fear of their parents that they will lose more morally than they will receive mentally.#William Jennings Bryan
I installed a skylight in my apartment yesterday. The people who live above me are furious.#Steven Wright
What is it that makes a complete stranger dive into an icy river to save a solid-gold baby? Maybe we'll never know.#Jack Handey
When bad men combine, the good must associate; else they will fall one by one, an unpitied sacrifice in a contemptible struggle.#Edmund Burke
Forty is the old age of youth; fifty the youth of old age.#Victor Hugo
Parents are not interested in justice, they're interested in peace and quiet.#Bill Cosby
We should not criticise those who trip by taking a more difficult than usual step.#Dick Hubbard
Love is friendship set on fire.#Jeremy Taylor
If the doors of perception were cleansed every thing would appear to man as it is, infinite. For man has closed himself up, till he sees all things thru' narrow chinks of his cavern.#William Blake
Every difference of opinion is not a difference of principle. We have called by different names brethren of the same principle.#Thomas Jefferson
When you have the facts on your side, argue the facts. When you have the law on your side, argue the law. When you have neither, holler.#Al Gore
A doctor can bury his mistakes but an architect can only advise his clients to plant vines.#Frank Lloyd Wright
He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life.#Muhammad Ali
Friends have all things in common.#Plato 
Every man over forty is a scoundrel.#George Bernard Shaw
No man should have a secret from his wife; she invariably finds out.#Oscar Wilde
The great principle which this house ought to guard and cherish is that, when the tax collector comes to the private citizen and takes from him of his wealth for the services of the public, the whole of that money taken shall go for the purposes for which it is intended, and that no private interests, however powerfully they may be organized and however eloquently advocated, shall thrust their dirty fingers into the pie and take the profits for themselves.#Winston Churchill
Love is the delightful interval between meeting a beautiful girl and discovering that she looks like a haddock.#John Barrymore
If variety is the spice of life, marriage is the big can of leftover Spam.#Johnny Carson
The baby rises to its feet, takes a step, is overcome with triumph and joy - and falls flat on its face. It is a pattern for all that is to come! But learn from the bewildered baby. Lurch to your feet again. You'll make the sofa in the end.#Pam Brown
Over grown military establishments are under any form of government inauspicious to liberty, and are to be regarded as particularly hostile to republican liberty.#George Washington
I do not like work even when someone else does it.#Mark Twain
Nothing is quite so wretchedly corrupt as an aristocracy which has lost its power but kept its wealth and which still has endless leisure to devote to nothing but banal enjoyments. All its great thoughts and passionate energy are things of the past, and nothing but a host of petty, gnawing vices now cling to it like worms to a corpse.#Alexis de Tocqueville
Four be the things I'd have been better without: love, curiosity, freckles and doubt.#Dorothy Parker
We must accept finite disappointment, but never lose infinite hope.#Martin Luther King Jr.
Don't measure yourself by what you have accomplished, but by what you should have accomplished with your ability.#John Wooden
The whole art of war consists in a well-reasoned and extremely circumspect defensive, followed by rapid and audacious attack.#Napoleon Bonaparte
A hero is no braver than an ordinary person, but he is braver five minutes longer.#Ralph Waldo Emerson
It is error alone which needs the support of government. Truth can stand by itself.#Thomas Jefferson
Patriotism is the virtue of the vicious.#Oscar Wilde
The secret to staying young is to live honestly, eat slowly and lie about your age.#Lucille Ball
Jealousy is the tribute mediocrity pays to genius.#Fulton J. Sheen
It has been often said, very truly, that religion is the thing that makes the ordinary man feel extraordinary; it is an equally important truth that religion is the thing that makes the extraordinary man feel ordinary.#GK Chesterton
Has this world been so kind to you that you should leave with regret? There are better things ahead than any we leave behind.#C.S. Lewis
We know what happens to people who stay in the middle of the road. They get run over.#Ambrose Bierce
Art is man's expression of his joy in labor.#Henry Kissinger
Frisbeetarianism is the belief that when you die, your soul goes up on the roof and gets stuck.#George Carlin
The healthy man does not torture others - generally it is the tortured who turn into torturers.#Carl Jung
Perpetual optimism is a force multiplier.#Colin Powell
A little inaccuracy sometimes saves tons of explanation.#H.H. Munro
I think luck is the sense to recognize an opportunity and the ability to take advantage of it... The man who can smile at his breaks and grab his chances gets on.#Samuel Goldwyn
Anger is one of the sinews of the soul; he that wants it hath a maimed mind.#Benjamin Franklin
Associate yourself with men of good quality if you esteem your own reputation; for 'tis better to be alone than in bad company.#George Washington
The only defensible war is a war of defense.#GK Chesterton
Thirty was so strange for me. I've really had to come to terms with the fact that I am now a walking and talking adult.#C.S. Lewis
Heroism at command, senseless brutality, and all the loathsome nonsense that goes by the name of patriotism, how violently I hate all this, how despicable and ignoble war is; I would rather be torn to shreds than be part of so base an action!#Albert Einstein
The cool thing about being famous is traveling. I have always wanted to travel across seas, like to Canada and stuff.#Britney Spears
I would like to take you seriously, but to do so would affront your intelligence.#William F. Buckley
Only cowards insult dying majesty.#Aesop 
The survival of liberty in our land increasingly depends on the success of liberty in other lands.#George W. Bush
You make 'em, I amuse 'em.#Theodor Seuss Geisel
If you're given a choice between money and sex appeal, take the money. As you get older, the money will become your sex appeal.#Katherine Hepburn
Television has brought back murder into the home, where it belongs.#Alfred Hitchcock
Many people mistake our work for our vocation. Our vocation is the love of Jesus.#Mother Teresa
Welfare's purpose should be to eliminate, as far as possible, the need for its own existence.#Ronald Reagan
It may be hard for an egg to turn into a bird: it would be a jolly sight harder for it to learn to fly while remaining an egg. We are like eggs at present. And you cannot go on indefinitely being just an ordinary, decent egg. We must be hatched or go bad.#C.S. Lewis
A man's drive for profit should be prompted by the desire to give charity.#Nachman of Bratslav
Freedom of opinion can only exist when the government thinks itself secure.#Bertrand Russell
You can make more friends in two months by becoming interested in other people than you can in two years by trying to get other people interested in you.#Dale Carnegie
If you can't accept losing, you can't win.#Vince Lombardi
Don't be reckless with other people's hearts, And don't put up with people that are reckless with yours.#Kurt Vonnegut
The sounder your argument, the more satisfaction you get out of it.#Edgar Watson Howe
A person with a new idea is a crank until the idea succeeds.#Mark Twain
Democracy and socialism have nothing in common but one word, equality. But notice the difference: while democracy seeks equality in liberty, socialism seeks equality in restraint and servitude.#Alexis de Tocqueville
God is dead.#Friedrich Nietzsche
If, as I can't help suspecting, the dead also feel the pains of separation (and this may be one of their purgatorial sufferings), then for both lovers, and for all pairs of lovers without exception, bereavement is a universal and integral part of our experience of love.#C.S. Lewis
If you cannot inspire a woman with love of you, fill her above the brim with love of herself; all that runs over will be yours.#Charles Caleb Colton
When I was a boy of 14, my father was so ignorant I could hardly stand to have the old man around.#Mark Twain
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.#Confucius 
If you go flying back through time, and you see somebody else flying forward into the future, it's probably best to avoid eye contact.#Jack Handey
It is largely because the free-thinkers, as a school, have hardly made up their minds whether they want to be more optimist or more pessimist than Christianity that their small but sincere movement has failed. For the duel is deadly; and any agnostic who wishes to be anything more than a Nihilist must sympathize with one version of nature or the other.#GK Chesterton
On account of being a democracy and run by the people, we are the only nation in the world that has to keep a government four years, no matter what it does.#Will Rogers
All the people throughout my life who were naysayers pissed me off. But they've all given me a fervor; an angry ambition that cannot be stopped - and I look forward to finding a therapist and working on that.#Tobey Maguire
There are three arts which are concerned with all things: one which uses, another which makes, and a third which imitates them.#Plato 
The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not 'Eureka!' (I found it!) but 'That's funny...'#Isaac Asimov
Let every nation know, whether it wishes us well or ill, that we shall pay any price, bear any burden, meet any hardship, support any friend, oppose any foe, in order to assure the survival and the success of liberty.#John F. Kennedy
If all our misfortunes were laid in one common heap, whence everyone must take an equal portion, most people would be content to take their own and depart.#Socrates 
To be trusted is a greater complement than to be loved.#George MacDonald
Marriage resembles a pair of shears, so joined that they cannot be separated; often moving in opposite directions, yet always punishing any one who comes between them.#Sydney Smith
It is best to rise from life as from a banquet, neither thirsty nor drunken.#Aristotle 
Love is something far more than desire for sexual intercourse; it is the principal means of escape from the loneliness which afflicts most men and women throughout the greater part of their lives.#Bertrand Russell
The worst moment for the athieist is when he feels thankful and has no one to thank.#Dante Gabriel Rossetti
Painting is just another way of keeping a diary.#Pablo Picasso
I haven't been with a woman in nine months.#Mike Tyson
A grave is a place where the dead are laid to await the coming of the medical student.#Ambrose Bierce
Better to die on your feet than live on your knees.#Author Unknown
The fruit that can fall without shaking, indeed is too mellow for me.#Lady Mary Wortley Montagu
The ladder of success is best climbed by stepping on the rungs of opportunity.#Ayn Rand
Dance like nobody's watching; love like you've never been hurt. Sing like nobody's listening; live like it's heaven on earth.#Mark Twain
I am certainly not an authority on love because there are no authorities on love, just those who've had luck with it and those who haven't.#Bill Cosby
We should not let our fears hold us back from pursuing our hopes.#John F. Kennedy
Many interviewers when they come to talk to me, think they're being progressive by not mentioning in their stories any longer that I'm black. I tell them, 'Don't stop now. If I shot somebody you'd mention it.'#Colin Powell
You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life.#Albert Camus
I would not know how I am supposed to feel about many stories if not for the fact that the TV news personalities make sad faces for sad stories and happy faces for happy stories.#Dave Barry
Those whom the gods love grow young.#Oscar Wilde
Courage is fear holding on a minute longer.#George Patton
A tyrant must put on the appearance of uncommon devotion to religion. Subjects are less apprehensive of illegal treatment from a ruler whom they consider god-fearing and pious. On the other hand, they do less easily move against him, believing that he has the gods on his side.#Aristotle 
We are discreet sheep; we wait to see how the drove is going, and then go with the drove.#Mark Twain
There is only one step from the sublime to the ridiculous.#Napoleon Bonaparte
I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done.#Siddhartha Buddha
You can turn painful situations around through laughter. If you can find humor in anything, even poverty, you can survive it.#Bill Cosby
Beauty is all very well at first sight; but whoever looks at it when it has been in the house three days?#George Bernard Shaw
A Galileo could no more be elected president of the United States than he could be elected Pope of Rome. Both high posts are reserved for men favored by God with an extraordinary genius for swathing the bitter facts of life in bandages of self-illusion.#Henry Mencken
America is a nation with many flaws, but hopes so vast that only the cowardly would refuse to acknowledge them.#James Michener
The philosophy of one century is the common sense of the next.#Henry Ward Beecher
Without music, life would be a mistake.#Friedrich Nietzsche
The destiny of man is not measured by material computation. When great forces are on the move in the world, we learn we are spirits--not animals.#Winston Churchill
Drug testing is very big in football. This is because football players are Role Models for young people. All you young people out there want to grow up and have enormous necks and get knee operations as often as haircuts. That's why the people in charge of football don't want you to associate it with drugs. They want you to associate it with alcohol.#Dave Barry
I dont mind living in a mans world as long as I can be a woman in it.#Marilyn Monroe
Most writers regard truth as their most valuable possession, and therefore are most economical in its use.#Mark Twain
Is man one of God's blunders? Or is God one of man's blunders?#Friedrich Nietzsche
It was impossible to get a conversation going, everybody was talking too much.#Yogi Berra
A word to the wise is infuriating.#Hunter S. Thompson
I bet the main reason the police keep people away from a plane crash is they don't want anybody walking in and lying down in the crash stuff, then when somebody comes up act like they just woke up and go, 'What was THAT?!'#Jack Handey
That's one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind.#Neil Armstrong
He that fights and runs away, may turn and fight another day; but he that is in battle slain, will never rise to fight again.#Tacitus 
We each have the kind of children we deserve.#Nachman of Bratslav
Few women, I fear, have had such reason as I have to think the long sad years of youth were worth living for the sake of middle age.#Dwight Eisenhower
The Negro needs the white man to free him from his fears. The white man needs the Negro to free him from his guilt.#Martin Luther King Jr.
He who knows how to flatter also knows how to slander.#Napoleon Bonaparte
A pint of sweat, saves a gallon of blood.#George Patton
Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time.#George Bernard Shaw
She didn't reckon with the awesome power of the Chief of Police! Now where did I put my badge?...Hey, that duck's got it!#Chief Wiggum
Freedom is not America's gift to the world, it is the Almighty God's gift to every man and woman in this world.#George W. Bush
We have the Bill of Rights.  What we need is a Bill of Responsibilities.#Bill Maher
Personal beauty is a greater recommendation than any letter of reference.#Aristotle 
All animals are equal but some animals are more equal than others.#George Orwell
Do not compute the totality of your poultry population until all the manifestations of incubation have been entirely completed.#William Jennings Bryan
The reason why worry kills more people than work is that more people worry than work.#Robert Frost
Saturate yourself with your subject and the camera will all but take you by the hand.#Margaret Bourke-White
As far as we can discern, the sole purpose of human existence is to kindle a light of meaning in the darkness of mere being.#Carl Jung
I believe this government cannot endure permanently half slave and half free.#Abraham Lincoln
We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful about what we pretend to be.#Kurt Vonnegut
Every step we take towards making the State our Caretaker of our lives, by that much we move toward making the State our Master.#Dwight Eisenhower
I think that everyone should get married at least once, so you can see what a silly, outdated institution it is.#Madonna Ciccone
If you want to get laid, go to college, but if you want an education, go to the library.#Frank Zappa
It is only necessary to make war with five things: with the maladies of the body, with the ignorances of the mind, with the passions of the body, with the seditions of the city, with the discords of families.#Tacitus 
We know that equality of individual ability has never existed and never will, but we do insist that equality of opportunity still must be sought.#Franklin D. Roosevelt
The good people sleep much better at night than the bad people. Of course, the bad people enjoy the waking hours much more.#Woody Allen
Kids, just because I don't care doesn't mean I'm not listening.#Homer Simpson
Freedom is hammered out on the anvil of discussion, dissent, and debate.#Hubert H. Humphrey
It is perfectly monstrous the way people go about, nowadays, saying things against one behind one's back that are absolutely and entirely true.#Oscar Wilde
A good book is the best of friends, the same to-day and for ever.#Martin Farquhar Tupper
What some call health, if purchased by perpetual anxiety about diet, isn't much better than tedious disease.#George Dennison Prentice
The best thinking has been done in solitude. The worst has been done in turmoil.#Thomas Edison
Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one's definition of your life; define yourself.#Harvey Fierstein
Eloquence may set fire to reason.#Oliver Wendell Holmes
The government of the United States is a device for maintaining in perpetuity the rights of the people, with the ultimate extinction of all privileged classes.#Calvin Coolidge
The roots of education are bitter, but the fruit is sweet.#Aristotle 
Pray as though everything depended on God. Work as though everything depended on you.#Saint Augustine
I do not believe in the creed professed by the Jewish church, by the Roman church, by the Greek church, by the Turkish church, by the Protestant church, nor by any church that I know of. My own mind is my own church.#Thomas Paine
The magic of first love is our ignorance that it can never end.#Benjamin Disraeli
Boxing is just show business with blood.#Frank Bruno
Great is the guilt of an unnecessary war.#John Adams
Men talk of finding God, but no wonder it is difficult; He is hidden in that darkest hiding-place, your heart. You yourself are a part of Him.#Christopher Morley
If you are really a product of a materialistic universe, how is it that you don't feel at home there?#C.S. Lewis
It ain't braggin' if you can back it up.#Dizzy Dean
Nonviolence is the greatest force at the disposal of mankind. It is mightier than the mightiest weapon of destruction devised by the ingenuity of man.#Mahatma Gandhi
Anyone who is capable of getting themselves made President should on no account be allowed to do the job.#Douglas Adams
Art can teach without at all ceasing to be art.#C.S. Lewis
Paley's argument is made with passionate sincerity and is informed by the best biological scholarship of his day, but it is wrong, gloriously and utterly wrong.#Richard Dawkins
To photograph truthfully and effectively is to see beneath the surfaces and record the qualities of nature and humanity which live or are latent in all things.#Ansel Adams
Life's Tragedy is that we get old to soon and wise too late.#Benjamin Franklin
A wise man gets more use from his enemies than a fool from his friends.#Baltasar Gracian
He loves but little who can say and count in words how much he loves.#Dante Alighieri
Life is to entered upon with courage.#Alexis de Tocqueville
Bad news isn't wine. It doesn't improve with age.#Colin Powell
We have to make America the best place in the world to do business.#Dick Cheney
I wanted to change the world. But I have found that the only thing one can be sure of changing is oneself.#Aldous Huxley
Every exit is an entry somewhere.#Tom Stoppard
A nation which can prefer disgrace to danger is prepared for a master, and deserves one!#Alexander Hamilton
Generations to come will scarce believe that such a one as [Gandhi] ever in flesh and blood walked upon this earth.#Albert Einstein
Every government is a scoundrel.#Henry Mencken
Experience is a dear teacher, but fools will learn at no other.#Benjamin Franklin
Moral indignation is jealousy with a halo.#H. G. Wells (1866-1946)
Glory is fleeting, but obscurity is forever.#Napoleon Bonaparte (1769-1821) 
Victory goes to the player who makes the next-to-last mistake.#Chessmaster Savielly Grigorievitch Tartakower (1887-1956) 
Don't be so humble - you are not that great.#Golda Meir (1898-1978) to a visiting diplomat 
His ignorance is encyclopedic#Abba Eban (1915-2002) 
If a man does his best, what else is there?#General George S. Patton (1885-1945) 
I can write better than anybody who can write faster, and I can write faster than anybody who can write better.#A. J. Liebling (1904-1963) 
People demand freedom of speech to make up for the freedom of thought which they avoid.#Soren Aabye Kierkegaard (1813-1855) 
Give me chastity and continence, but not yet.#Saint Augustine (354-430) 
Not everything that can be counted counts, and not everything that counts can be counted.#Albert Einstein (1879-1955) 
Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former.#Albert Einstein (1879-1955) 
A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on.#Sir Winston Churchill (1874-1965) 
I do not feel obliged to believe that the same God who has endowed us with sense, reason, and intellect has intended us to forgo their use.#Galileo Galilei 
The artist is nothing without the gift, but the gift is nothing without work.#Emile Zola (1840-1902) 
This book fills a much-needed gap.#Moses Hadas (1900-1966) in a review 
The full use of your powers along lines of excellence.#definition of"happiness" by John F. Kennedy (1917-1963) 
I'm living so far beyond my income that we may almost be said to be living apart.#e e cummings (1894-1962) 
Give me a museum and I'll fill it.#Pablo Picasso (1881-1973) 
Assassins!#Arturo Toscanini (1867-1957) to his orchestra 
I'll moider da bum.#Heavyweight boxer Tony Galento, when asked what he thought of William Shakespeare 
In theory, there is no difference between theory and practice. But, in practice, there is.#Jan L.A. van de Snepscheut 
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have.#Thomas Jefferson (1743-1826) 
Each problem that I solved became a rule which served afterwards to solve other problems.#Rene Descartes (1596-1650), "Discours de la Methode" 
In the End, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends.#Martin Luther King Jr. (1929-1968) 
Whether you think that you can, or that you can't, you are usually right.#Henry Ford (1863-1947) 
Do, or do not. There is no 'try'.#Yoda ('The Empire Strikes Back') 
The only way to get rid of a temptation is to yield to it. #Oscar Wilde (1854-1900) 
Don't stay in bed, unless you can make money in bed. #George Burns (1896-1996)
I don't know why we are here, but I'm pretty sure that it is not in order to enjoy ourselves. #Ludwig Wittgenstein (1889-1951)
The use of COBOL cripples the mind; its teaching should, therefore, be regarded as a criminal offense. #Edsgar Dijkstra
C makes it easy to shoot yourself in the foot; C++ makes it harder, but when you do, it blows away your whole leg. #Bjarne Stroustrup
A mathematician is a device for turning coffee into theorems. #Paul Erdos
The only difference between me and a madman is that I'm not mad. #Salvador Dali (1904-1989)
If you can't get rid of the skeleton in your closet, you'd best teach it to dance. #George Bernard Shaw (1856-1950)
But at my back I always hear Time's winged chariot hurrying near. #Andrew Marvell (1621-1678)
Good people do not need laws to tell them to act responsibly, while bad people will find a way around the laws. #Plato (427-347 B.C.)
The power of accurate observation is frequently called cynicism by those who don't have it. #George Bernard Shaw (1856-1950)
Whenever I climb I am followed by a dog called 'Ego'. #Friedrich Nietzsche (1844-1900)
We have art to save ourselves from the truth. #Friedrich Nietzsche (1844-1900)
Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake. #Napoleon Bonaparte (1769-1821)
I think 'Hail to the Chief' has a nice ring to it. #John F. Kennedy (1917-1963) when asked what is his favorite song
Human history becomes more and more a race between education and catastrophe. #H. G. Wells (1866-1946)
Talent does what it can; genius does what it must. #Edward George Bulwer-Lytton (1803-1873)
The difference between 'involvement' and 'commitment' is like an eggs-and-ham breakfast: the chicken was 'involved' - the pig was 'committed'. #unknown
If you are going through hell, keep going. #Sir Winston Churchill (1874-1965)
I'm all in favor of keeping dangerous weapons out of the hands of fools. Let's start with typewriters. #Frank Lloyd Wright (1868-1959)
Some cause happiness wherever they go; others, whenever they go. #Oscar Wilde (1854-1900)
God is a comedian playing to an audience too afraid to laugh. #Voltaire (1694-1778)
He is one of those people who would be enormously improved by death. #H. H. Munro (Saki) (1870-1916)
I am ready to meet my Maker. Whether my Maker is prepared for the great ordeal of meeting me is another matter. #Sir Winston Churchill (1874-1965)
I shall not waste my days in trying to prolong them. #Ian L. Fleming (1908-1964)
If you can count your money, you don't have a billion dollars. #J. Paul Getty (1892-1976)
Facts are the enemy of truth. #Don Quixote - "Man of La Mancha"
When you do the common things in life in an uncommon way, you will command the attention of the world. #George Washington Carver (1864-1943)
How wrong it is for a woman to expect the man to build the world she wants, rather than to create it herself. #Anais Nin (1903-1977)
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. #Thomas Alva Edison (1847-1931)
I begin by taking. I shall find scholars later to demonstrate my perfect right. #Frederick (II) the Great
Maybe this world is another planet's Hell. #Aldous Huxley (1894-1963)
Blessed is the man, who having nothing to say, abstains from giving wordy evidence of the fact. #George Eliot (1819-1880)
Once you eliminate the impossible, whatever remains, no matter how improbable, must be the truth. #Sherlock Holmes (by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, 1859-1930)
Black holes are where God divided by zero. #Steven Wright
I've had a wonderful time, but this wasn't it. #Groucho Marx (1895-1977)
It's kind of fun to do the impossible. #Walt Disney (1901-1966)
We didn't lose the game; we just ran out of time. #Vince Lombardi
The optimist proclaims that we live in the best of all possible worlds, and the pessimist fears this is true. #James Branch Cabell
A friendship founded on business is better than a business founded on friendship. #John D. Rockefeller (1874-1960)
All are lunatics, but he who can analyze his delusion is called a philosopher. #Ambrose Bierce (1842-1914)
You can only find truth with logic if you have already found truth without it. #Gilbert Keith Chesterton (1874-1936)
An inconvenience is only an adventure wrongly considered; an adventure is an inconvenience rightly considered. #Gilbert Keith Chesterton (1874-1936)
I have come to believe that the whole world is an enigma, a harmless enigma that is made terrible by our own mad attempt to interpret it as though it had an underlying truth. #Umberto Eco
Be nice to people on your way up because you meet them on your way down. #Jimmy Durante
The true measure of a man is how he treats someone who can do him absolutely no good. #Samuel Johnson (1709-1784)
A people that values its privileges above its principles soon loses both. #Dwight D. Eisenhower (1890-1969), Inaugural Address, January 20, 1953
The significant problems we face cannot be solved at the same level of thinking we were at when we created them. #Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
Basically, I no longer work for anything but the sensation I have while working. #Albert Giacometti (sculptor)
All truth passes through three stages. First, it is ridiculed. Second, it is violently opposed. Third, it is accepted as being self-evident. #Arthur Schopenhauer (1788-1860)
Many a man's reputation would not know his character if they met on the street. #Elbert Hubbard (1856-1915)
There is more stupidity than hydrogen in the universe, and it has a longer shelf life. #Frank Zappa
Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away. #Antoine de Saint Exupery
Life is pleasant. Death is peaceful. It's the transition that's troublesome. #Isaac Asimov
If you want to make an apple pie from scratch, you must first create the universe. #Carl Sagan
It is much more comfortable to be mad and know it, than to be sane and have one's doubts. #G. B. Burgin
Once is happenstance. Twice is coincidence. Three times is enemy action. #Auric Goldfinger, in "Goldfinger" by Ian L. Fleming (1908-1964)
To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance #Oscar Wilde (1854-1900)
Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens. #Jimi Hendrix
A clever man commits no minor blunders. #Goethe (1749-1832)
Argue for your limitations, and sure enough they're yours. #Richard Bach
A witty saying proves nothing. #Voltaire (1694-1778)
Education is a progressive discovery of our own ignorance. #Will Durant
I have often regretted my speech, never my silence. #Xenocrates (396-314 B.C.)
It was the experience of mystery -- even if mixed with fear -- that engendered religion. #Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
If everything seems under control, you're just not going fast enough. #Mario Andretti
I do not consider it an insult, but rather a compliment to be called an agnostic. I do not pretend to know where many ignorant men are sure -- that is all that agnosticism means. #Clarence Darrow, Scopes trial, 1925.
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal. #Henry Ford (1863-1947)
I'll sleep when I'm dead. #Warren Zevon
There are people in the world so hungry, that God cannot appear to them except in the form of bread. #Mahatma Gandhi (1869-1948)
When you gaze long into the abyss, the abyss also gazes into you. #Friedrich Nietzsche (1844-1900)
The instinct of nearly all societies is to lock up anybody who is truly free. First, society begins by trying to beat you up. If this fails, they try to poison you. If this fails too, the finish by loading honors on your head. #Jean Cocteau (1889-1963)
Everyone is a genius at least once a year; a real genius has his original ideas closer together. #Georg Lichtenberg (1742-1799)
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it #Henry David Thoreau (1817-1862)
While we are postponing, life speeds by. #Seneca (3BC - 65AD)
Where are we going, and why am I in this handbasket? #Bumper Sticker
God, please save me from your followers! #Bumper Sticker
Fill what's empty, empty what's full, and scratch where it itches. #the Duchess of Windsor, when asked what is the secret of a long and happy life
First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win. #Mahatma Gandhi (1869-1948)
Luck is the residue of design. #Branch Rickey - former owner of the Brooklyn Dodger Baseball Team
Tragedy is when I cut my finger. Comedy is when you walk into an open sewer and die. #Mel Brooks
Most people would sooner die than think; in fact, they do so. #Bertrand Russell (1872-1970) 
Wit is educated insolence. #Aristotle (384-322 B.C.) 
My advice to you is get married: if you find a good wife you'll be happy; if not, you'll become a philosopher. #Socrates (470-399 B.C.) 
Egotist: a person more interested in himself than in me. #Ambrose Bierce (1842-1914) 
A narcissist is someone better looking than you are. #Gore Vidal 
Wise men make proverbs, but fools repeat them. #Samuel Palmer (1805-80) 
It has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity. #Albert Einstein (1879-1955) 
The secret of success is to know something nobody else knows. #Aristotle Onassis (1906-1975) 
Sometimes when reading Goethe I have the paralyzing suspicion that he is trying to be funny. #Guy Davenport 
When you have to kill a man, it costs nothing to be polite. #Sir Winston Churchill (1874-1965) 
Any man who is under 30, and is not a liberal, has not heart; and any man who is over 30, and is not a conservative, has no brains. #Sir Winston Churchill (1874-1965) 
The opposite of a correct statement is a false statement. The opposite of a profound truth may well be another profound truth. #Niels Bohr (1885-1962) 
We all agree that your theory is crazy, but is it crazy enough? #Niels Bohr (1885-1962) 
When I am working on a problem I never think about beauty. I only think about how to solve the problem. But when I have finished, if the solution is not beautiful, I know it is wrong. #Buckminster Fuller (1895-1983) 
In science one tries to tell people, in such a way as to be understood by everyone, something that no one ever knew before. But in poetry, it's the exact opposite. #Paul Dirac (1902-1984) 
I would have made a good Pope. #Richard M. Nixon (1913-1994)
In any contest between power and patience, bet on patience. #W.B. Prescott
Anyone who considers arithmetical methods of producing random digits is, of course, in a state of sin. #John von Neumann (1903-1957)
The mistakes are all waiting to be made. #chessmaster Savielly Grigorievitch Tartakower (1887-1956) on the game's opening position 
It is unbecoming for young men to utter maxims. #Aristotle (384-322 B.C.) 
Grove giveth and Gates taketh away. #Bob Metcalfe (inventor of Ethernet) on the trend of hardware speedups not being able to keep up with software demands
Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one. #Albert Einstein (1879-1955) 
One of the symptoms of an approaching nervous breakdown is the belief that one's work is terribly important. #Bertrand Russell (1872-1970)
A little inaccuracy sometimes saves a ton of explanation. #H. H. Munro (Saki) (1870-1916)
There are two ways of constructing a software design; one way is to make it so simple that there are obviously no deficiencies, and the other way is to make it so complicated that there are no obvious deficiencies. The first method is far more difficult.#C. A. R. Hoare
Make everything as simple as possible, but not simpler. #Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
What do you take me for, an idiot? #General Charles de Gaulle (1890-1970), when a journalist asked him if he was happy
I heard someone tried the monkeys-on-typewriters bit trying for the plays of William Shakespeare, but all they got was the collected works of Francis Bacon. #Bill Hirst
Three o'clock is always too late or too early for anything you want to do. #Jean-Paul Sartre (1905-1980)
A doctor can bury his mistakes but an architect can only advise his clients to plant vines. #Frank Lloyd Wright (1868-1959)
It is dangerous to be sincere unless you are also stupid. #George Bernard Shaw (1856-1950)
If you haven't got anything nice to say about anybody, come sit next to me. #Alice Roosevelt Longworth (1884-1980)
A man can't be too careful in the choice of his enemies. #Oscar Wilde (1854-1900)
Forgive your enemies, but never forget their names. #John F. Kennedy (1917-1963)
Logic is in the eye of the logician.#Gloria Steinem 
No one can earn a million dollars honestly. #William Jennings Bryan (1860-1925) 
Everything has been figured out, except how to live. #Jean-Paul Sartre (1905-1980)
Well-timed silence hath more eloquence than speech. #Martin Fraquhar Tupper 
Thank you for sending me a copy of your book - I'll waste no time reading it. #Moses Hadas (1900-1966) 
From the moment I picked your book up until I laid it down I was convulsed with laughter. Some day I intend reading it. #Groucho Marx (1895-1977) 
It is better to have a permanent income than to be fascinating. #Oscar Wilde (1854-1900) 
When ideas fail, words come in very handy.#Goethe (1749-1832) 
In the end, everything is a gag.#Charlie Chaplin (1889-1977) 
The nice thing about egotists is that they don't talk about other people. #Lucille S. Harper 
You got to be careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there.#Yogi Berra 
I love Mickey Mouse more than any woman I have ever known. #Walt Disney (1901-1966) 
He who hesitates is a damned fool.#Mae West (1892-1980) 
Good teaching is one-fourth preparation and three-fourths theater. #Gail Godwin 
University politics are vicious precisely because the stakes are so small. #Henry Kissinger (1923-) 
The graveyards are full of indispensable men. #Charles de Gaulle (1890-1970) 
You can pretend to be serious; you can't pretend to be witty. #Sacha Guitry (1885-1957) 
Behind every great fortune there is a crime. #Honore de Balzac (1799-1850) 
If women didn't exist, all the money in the world would have no meaning. #Aristotle Onassis (1906-1975) 
I am not young enough to know everything. #Oscar Wilde (1854-1900) 
The object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other bastard die for his.#General George Patton (1885-1945) 
Sometimes a scream is better than a thesis. #Ralph Waldo Emerson (1803-1882) 
There is no sincerer love than the love of food. #George Bernard Shaw (1856-1950) 
I don't even butter my bread; I consider that cooking. #Katherine Cebrian 
I have an existential map; it has 'you are here' written all over it. #Steven Wright 
Mr. Wagner has beautiful moments but bad quarters of an hour. #Gioacchino Rossini (1792-1868) 
Manuscript: something submitted in haste and returned at leisure.#Oliver Herford (1863-1935) 
I have read your book and much like it. #Moses Hadas (1900-1966) 
The covers of this book are too far apart. #Ambrose Bierce (1842-1914) 
Everywhere I go I'm asked if I think the university stifles writers. My opinion is that they don't stifle enough of them. #Flannery O'Connor (1925-1964)
Too many pieces of music finish too long after the end. #Igor Stravinsky (1882-1971) 
Anything that is too stupid to be spoken is sung. #Voltaire (1694-1778) 
When choosing between two evils, I always like to try the one I've never tried before. #Mae West (1892-1980) 
I don't know anything about music. In my line you don't have to. #Elvis Presley (1935-1977) 
No Sane man will dance.#Cicero (106-43 B.C.)
Hell is a half-filled auditorium.#Robert Frost (1874-1963) 
Show me a sane man and I will cure him for you. #Carl Gustav Jung (1875-1961) 
Vote early and vote often.#Al Capone (1899-1947) 
If I were two-faced, would I be wearing this one? #Abraham Lincoln (1809-1865) 
Few things are harder to put up with than a good example. #Mark Twain (1835-1910) 
Hell is other people.#Jean-Paul Sartre (1905-1980) 
I am become death, shatterer of worlds. #Robert J. Oppenheimer (1904-1967) (citing from the Bhagavad Gita, after witnessing the world's first nuclear explosion) 
Happiness is good health and a bad memory. #Ingrid Bergman (1917-1982) 
Friends may come and go, but enemies accumulate.#Thomas Jones 
You can get more with a kind word and a gun than you can with a kind word alone. #Al Capone (1899-1947) 
The gods too are fond of a joke. #Aristotle (384-322 B.C.) 
Distrust any enterprise that requires new clothes. #Henry David Thoreau (1817-1862) 
The difference between pornography and erotica is lighting. #Gloria Leonard 
It is time I stepped aside for a less experienced and less able man. #Professor Scott Elledge on his retirement from Cornell 
Every day I get up and look through the Forbes list of the richest people in America. If I'm not there, I go to work. #Robert Orben
The cynics are right nine times out of ten. #Henry Louis Mencken (1880-1956) 
There are some experiences in life which should not be demanded twice from any man, and one of them is listening to the Brahms Requiem. #George Bernard Shaw (1856-1950)
Attention to health is life's greatest hindrance. #Plato (427-347 B.C.) 
Plato was a bore. #Friedrich Nietzsche (1844-1900) 
Nietzsche was stupid and abnormal. #Leo Tolstoy (1828-1910) 
I'm not going to get into the ring with Tolstoy. #Ernest Hemingway (1899-1961) 
Hemingway was a jerk. #Harold Robbins 
Men are not disturbed by things, but the view they take of things. #Epictetus (55-135 A.D.)
What about things like bullets? #Herb Kimmel, Behavioralist, Professor of Psychology, upon hearing the above quote (1981)
How can I lose to such an idiot? #A shout from chessmaster Aaron Nimzovich (1886-1935) 
Not only is there no God, but try finding a plumber on Sunday. #Woody Allen (1935-) 
I don't feel good. #The last words of Luther Burbank (1849-1926) 
Nothing is wrong with California that a rise in the ocean level wouldn't cure.#Ross MacDonald (1915-1983) 
Men have become the tools of their tools. #Henry David Thoreau (1817-1862) 
I have never let my schooling interfere with my education. #Mark Twain (1835-1910) 
It is now possible for a flight attendant to get a pilot pregnant.#Richard J. Ferris, president of United Airlines 
I never miss a chance to have sex or appear on television. #Gore Vidal 
I don't want to achieve immortality through my work; I want to achieve immortality through not dying. #Woody Allen (1935-) 
Men and nations behave wisely once they have exhausted all the other alternatives.#Abba Eban (1915-2002) 
To sit alone with my conscience will be judgment enough for me. #Charles William Stubbs 
Sanity is a madness put to good uses. #George Santayana (1863-1952) 
Imitation is the sincerest form of television. #Fred Allen (1894-1956) 
Always do right- this will gratify some and astonish the rest. #Mark Twain (1835-1910) 
In America, anybody can be president. That's one of the risks you take.#Adlai Stevenson (1900-1965) 
Copy from one, it's plagiarism; copy from two, it's research. #Wilson Mizner (1876-1933) 
Why don't you write books people can read? #Nora Joyce to her husband James (1882-1941) 
Some editors are failed writers, but so are most writers. #T. S. Eliot (1888-1965) 
Criticism is prejudice made plausible. #Henry Louis Mencken (1880-1956) 
It is better to be quotable than to be honest.#Tom Stoppard 
Being on the tightrope is living; everything else is waiting. #Karl Wallenda 
Opportunities multiply as they are seized. #Sun Tzu 
A scholar who cherishes the love of comfort is not fit to be deemed a scholar. #Lao-Tzu (570?-490? BC) 
The best way to predict the future is to invent it. #Alan Kay 
Never mistake motion for action. #Ernest Hemingway (1899-1961) 
Hell is paved with good samaritans. #William M. Holden 
The longer I live the more I see that I am never wrong about anything, and that all the pains that I have so humbly taken to verify my notions have only wasted my time. #George Bernard Shaw (1856-1950) 
Silence is argument carried out by other means. #Ernesto"Che"Guevara (1928-1967) 
Well done is better than well said. #Benjamin Franklin (1706-1790) 
The average person thinks he isn't.#Father Larry Lorenzoni 
Heav'n hath no rage like love to hatred turn'd, Nor Hell a fury, like a woman scorn'd.#William Congreve (1670-1729) 
A husband is what is left of the lover after the nerve has been extracted. #Helen Rowland (1876-1950) 
Learning is what most adults will do for a living in the 21st century. #Perelman 
The man who goes alone can start today; but he who travels with another must wait till that other is ready. #Henry David Thoreau (1817-1862) 
There is a country in Europe where multiple-choice tests are illegal. #Sigfried Hulzer 
Ask her to wait a moment - I am almost done. #Carl Friedrich Gauss (1777-1855), while working, when informed that his wife is dying 
A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty. #Sir Winston Churchill (1874-1965) 
I think there is a world market for maybe five computers. #Thomas Watson (1874-1956), Chairman of IBM, 1943 
I think it would be a good idea. #Mahatma Gandhi (1869-1948), when asked what he thought of Western civilization 
The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.#Edmund Burke (1729-1797)
I'm not a member of any organized political party, I'm a Democrat!#Will Rogers (1879-1935) 
If Stupidity got us into this mess, then why can't it get us out? #Will Rogers (1879-1935) 
The backbone of surprise is fusing speed with secrecy. #Von Clausewitz (1780-1831) 
Democracy does not guarantee equality of conditions - it only guarantees equality of opportunity. #Irving Kristol 
There is no reason anyone would want a computer in their home. #Ken Olson, president, chairman and founder of Digital Equipment Corp., 1977 
The concept is interesting and well-formed, but in order to earn better than a 'C', the idea must be feasible. #A Yale University management professor in response to student Fred Smith's paper proposing reliable overnight delivery service(Smith went on to found FedEx)
Who the hell wants to hear actors talk? #H. M. Warner (1881-1958), founder of Warner Brothers, in 1927 
We don't like their sound, and guitar music is on the way out. #Decca Recording Co. rejecting the Beatles, 1962 
Everything that can be invented has been invented. #Charles H. Duell, Commissioner, U.S. Office of Patents, 1899 
Denial ain't just a river in Egypt. #Mark Twain (1835-1910) 
A pint of sweat, saves a gallon of blood. #General George S. Patton (1885-1945) 
After I'm dead I'd rather have people ask why I have no monument than why I have one. #Cato the Elder (234-149 BC, AKA Marcus Porcius Cato) 
He can compress the most words into the smallest idea of any man I know. #Abraham Lincoln (1809-1865) 
Don't let it end like this. Tell them I said something. #last words of Pancho Villa (1877-1923) 
The right to swing my fist ends where the other man's nose begins. #Oliver Wendell Holmes (1841-1935) 
The difference between fiction and reality? Fiction has to make sense. #Tom Clancy 
It's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the fight in the dog. #Mark Twain (1835-1910) 
It is better to be feared than loved, if you cannot be both. #Niccolo Machiavelli (1469-1527), "The Prince" 
Whatever is begun in anger ends in shame. #Benjamin Franklin (1706-1790) 
The President has kept all of the promises he intended to keep. #Clinton aide George Stephanopolous speaking on Larry King Live 
We're going to turn this team around 360 degrees. #Jason Kidd, upon his drafting to the Dallas Mavericks "Half this game is ninety percent mental." 
There is only one nature - the division into science and engineering is a human imposition, not a natural one. Indeed, the division is a human failure; it reflects our limited capacity to comprehend the whole.#Bill Wulf 
There's many a bestseller that could have been prevented by a good teacher. #Flannery O'Connor (1925-1964) 
He has all the virtues I dislike and none of the vices I admire. #Sir Winston Churchill (1874-1965)
I criticize by creation - not by finding fault. #Cicero (106-43 B.C.)
Love is friendship set on fire. #Jeremy Taylor
God gave men both a penis and a brain, but unfortunately not enough blood supply to run both at the same time. #Robin Williams, commenting on the Clinton/Lewinsky affair
My occupation now, I suppose, is jail inmate. #Unibomber Theodore Kaczynski, when asked in court what his current profession was
Woman was God's second mistake. #Friedrich Nietzsche (1844-1900)
This isn't right, this isn't even wrong. #Wolfgang Pauli (1900-1958), upon reading a young physicist's paper
For centuries, theologians have been explaining the unknowable in terms of the-not-worth-knowing. #Henry Louis Mencken (1880-1956)
Pray, v.: To ask that the laws of the universe be annulled on behalf of a single petitioner confessedly unworthy. #Ambrose Bierce (1842-1914)
Every normal man must be tempted at times to spit upon his hands, hoist the black flag, and begin slitting throats. #Henry Louis Mencken (1880-1956)
Now, now my good man, this is no time for making enemies. #Voltaire (1694-1778) on his deathbed in response to a priest asking that he renounce Satan.
Fill the unforgiving minute with sixty seconds worth of distance run. #Rudyard Kipling (1865-1936)
He would make a lovely corpse. #Charles Dickens (1812-1870)
I've just learned about his illness. Let's hope it's nothing trivial. #Irvin S. Cobb
I worship the quicksand he walks in. #Art Buchwald
Wagner's music is better than it sounds. #Mark Twain (1835-1910)
A poem is never finished, only abandoned. #Paul Valery (1871-1945)
We are not retreating - we are advancing in another Direction. #General Douglas MacArthur (1880-1964)
If you were plowing a field, which would you rather use? Two strong oxen or 1024 chickens? #Seymour Cray (1925-1996), father of supercomputing
 3 pencils and quadrille pads. #Seymoure Cray (1925-1996) when asked what CAD tools he used to design the Cray I supercomputer; he also recommended using the back side of the pages so that the lines were not so dominant.
I just bought a Mac to help me design the next Cray. #Seymoure Cray (1925-1996) when was informed that Apple Inc. had recently bought a Cray supercomputer to help them design the next Mac.
Your Highness, I have no need of this hypothesis. #Pierre Laplace (1749-1827), to Napoleon on why his works on celestial mechanics make no mention of God. 
I choose a block of marble and chop off whatever I don't need. #Francois-Auguste Rodin (1840-1917), when asked how he managed to make his remarkable statues 
The man who does not read good books has no advantage over the man who cannot read them. #Mark Twain (1835-1910)
The truth is more important than the facts. #Frank Lloyd Wright (1868-1959) 
Research is what I'm doing when I don't know what I'm doing. #Werner von Braun (1912-1977) 
There are only two tragedies in life: one is not getting what one wants, and the other is getting it. #Oscar Wilde (1854-1900) 
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle. #Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
